is the topic still about misandry monday?
massive amount of trolling is happening
should turn off join and leave messages lol
Florida mother who in 2010, and nine days after giving birth, fired a gun near her abusive husband and allegedly his children. Alexander subsequently used Florida’s “stand your ground” law as her defense. No one was injured but a jury, MSNBC reports, convicted her in 12 minutes. Alexander was initially sentenced to Florida’s minimum, 20 years, and could’ve faced 60 years in prison. The outcome for Alexander, an African
woman, provided a stark contrast to that of George Zimmerman, a white Hispanic male, who in a 2013 trial also used the “stand your ground” law in, ultimately, a successful defense in the killing of unarmed 17-year-old African-American, Trayvon Martin."
her case have the same judge as zimmerman's?
broke out in the courtroom when Judge James Daniel announced he would reject the prosecutors' request for an additional two-year sentence and was releasing Alexander to community control."
that prosecutor.
Zimmerman had Judge Debra Nelson... maybe I'm thinking prosecutors
  +Keilana  *siiiigh*
The Matrix for everybody.....
don't get why mras/redpillers/meninists think that their issue is just branding, like, oh hey people make fun of MRAs better make a whole new movement
that's to be expected from groups of men who have no tangible goals other than 'lol fuck women amirite'
  +Keilana  ^^^this
thing that boggles my mind is how they hate women, which is completely counterproductive to their goals.
dont hate ~~~~real women~~~~
the really existing ones
woman who disagrees with them they strawman into being some sort of comic book villain
:-\
they also kinda strawman women who agree with them too
related
realize that was last year but, aren't we due for this past year's flurry of terrible-ness
of a maelstrom for some
need to just go that way already
you need to hear the song they made for it
it's every bad trope of 2000s crap rock
telling you... it's not about sex with women, it's about sexual domination of women :1
somehow represents exactly what I find distasteful of the men's rights movement in a song that sounds like creed and metallica
not MRAs, per se. We're just Men Going Our Own Way. Sooo~ much better."
think i should've trigger warning that song for flagrant butt rock
can't tell you how many MRA blogs and forums I see where they claim not to be sexist, but talk about how disgusted vaginas make them.
the fact that they engage en-masse in character defamations against women, then claim that they're not misogynists
pretty self-explanatory as to their self-awareness and how much they're willing to deny
love laying into sedditors about their failure.
  +DrYucatan  Sedditors?
who frequent the seduction subreddits
yeah.
reddit-seddit channel, specifically
Like pickup artist shit?
yes
DO YOU FEEL YOU NEED TO COERCE WOMEN
  +DrYucatan  GROSS
actually be a legitimately decent person when you can just USE COERCION?
  +Dirigible  INCEL
  +Dirigible  NEG
those are the only buzzwords i can think of
you a nice guy?
  +nuit fc
  +nuit hb
was trying to tell me what 'microcalibration' was.
afc
don't
so close
reality
they were irate when I said it was just a fancy way of saying having a conversation.
  +Dirigible  LOL
the micro part of it
I love the 'vaginas are disgusting' trope coming right before they go on a rant about how women won't consent to sex with them.
really love using their lingo.
more like Science(tm) when there's lingo.
feels more like a club when you have secret handshakes and codes
yeah i guess lots of different groups want lingo for different reasons
that you're "in" is one thing
they also like thinking they have "theory" you know
would not surprise me if incel pua bros wanted to feel a sense of belonging
found it in seddit type places
yes the theory bit is also a thing
like to hold onto the hope that there's a set of actions you can take to get an outcome.
in sex out
  +void|work  Yuuuup.
dirty coins.
  +Dirigible  D:
  +alialliallie D:
isn't that the core of the whole 'friendzone' philosophy, that somehow women are some sort of machine that takes time/attention/money and outputs sex?
many men see women as sex objects, and sex as the ultimate goal of interacting with women.
Hah yes.
have a random slightly related question
what's the best way to deal with the reactionary pov of arguing things as being zero-sum at their core?
do you mean by that?
you give an example?
in women's rights somehow tramples men's already extant rights?
"special protections" argument?
a lot of examples, I think the key would have to be pointing out it's a zero sum hypothesis, idk.  Like, abstractly, that whole misandry animation is a good example
the special protections argument is a good one
people arguing against affermative action
'friendzone' is a misogynistic concept of a woman who you are friends with and therefore can no longer try to sexually exploit.
'friendzone' is originally supposed to be some sort of identification of unrequited affection in a modern context, but really it promotes this idea of trying to scheme a person into a relationship
on the arguments really ottanta like an affirmative action argument you have to cite stats and show a demonstrable imbalance in things... sadly the type of person who literally thinks any of the mythic strawperson arguments against affirmative action are pretty hard to reason with from the jumpoff
misandry animation I was referring to though was like the 'I am afraid of women' or 'feminazi stole my icecream' or 'I am laid low by the matriarchy' one
special rights kinda arguments you can always be like "so how does THIS affect this?" and wait... and then bring down
why do some people seem to think that toxic sentiments, when expressed by people who are "trolling" are somehow less legitimate than if expressed by someone who "genuinely" holds those sentiments?
mean, at it's core, more rights for a marginalized group is going to 'harm' the group in power.
I don't think so
You can usually reason with someone who genuinely holds those sentiments.
think alialliallie meant in the sense that it threatens the power they hold over marginalized groups?
don't mean like, men will get less if women get more really but they do have to give up implicit privileges just for being men, for example.
  +DrYucatan  ^
  +Dirigible  ^
are scared to lose their privilege.
aren't some sort of scarce resource, it's not like treating everyone equally will deplete the empathy resources of the average human being
yeah with something like affirmative action there would be less of one group getting a thing than before but like
the difference between equality of outcome and equality of opportunity.
don't like giving up power.
as I put it, if you have 2 and 10 you don't add 8 to both to make them equal.
  +DrYucatan  ^
might not be physically harmed, but if you've lived your entire life reaping benefits of privilege, then you are going to notice when you lose that power.
  +alialliallie Mnhm.
Related to "it's just a joke" because if you're ironic or making a lulz it's not real or something.
trolling/genuine
classify same as "ironic" racism.
douchebag
that tooo.
bigotry is bigotry.
hipsters :(
urban outfitters :/
'douchebag' 'pussy' 'cunt' etc
a lot revolving around penises too though
they're less violent.
prick, etc
heard good arguments douche-related things are generally decent because it represents something generally useless invented by men for women to unnecessarily do ;P
  +LadyCailin haha
harmful
I've never had any problems calling someone a douche
there are some situations where it is a thing to do, such as after a vaginoplasty)
love douche+noun insults
canoe and cannon
canoe
  +LadyCailin lol
  +KittenButt lol
latest favorite general purpose thing is "shitbean"
don't think "dick" and "prick" have the same weight as many other female sex organ-related insults.
  +LadyCailin haha
use shitheel a lot
asshat
trying to extract them from misogyny.
That's probably true, yeah.
does one explain to someone the value of person-of-colour only spaces, and that they don't qualify as exclusionary/discriminatory?
probably impossible unless they are open to power dynamics.
just read malcolm x's autobiography
them read that
don't think it's impossible
be hard, though, cause people that don't immediately see how it'd be a useful or good thing are stuck in the "well let's view everyone as exactly the same despite power dynamics", as alialliallie pointed out
you have to somehow get them to acknowledge those power structures
probably  not a deep understanding
guess it depends on your goal
make them quit crying or to give them an actual holistic understanding
you want a deep understanding then yeah they need to have basics, i'm sure
  +Dirigible  LOL
\o/
SO MANY WOMEN IN MY GAME
sure I've read anything decent from anyone using the term "females".
  +Dirigible  FEMALES*
can't even do a proper impression
  +alialliallie :ferengi:
  +Dirigible  &females
  +alialliallie &females;
wait that was a thing I was being extra-dork.
having positive characters who are women is /so/ terrible, eh?
bet they'll have a hard time watching the new Ghostbusters.
do they
  +Dirigible  like
  +Dirigible  exist.
MANY FEMALES
THE WORLD
reading a really interesting feminist ethnography of the men who patronize strip clubs
would be interested
  +Dirigible  lololol
PANDERING
  +Dirigible  omg
  +void|work  haaaaa
  +Dirigible  wat
of cool people starting up meetups in cities around here. :)
have Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane now.
  +Dirigible  neat
  +Dirigible  brisbin
passion of their predecessors.
peril
you serial
elaborate
figured that's what it was in reference to
it's all taken from tumblr
  +bajin  lol
peril is not the name of the/an organization
  +Dirigible  ohhh
  +Dirigible  huh.
folks irl
WHITEY: Meet the Radical Brownies, no white girls allowed! More racism being pushed against young white girls! How is this even acceptable? From the city that gave us the Zebra Killers, here comes the “Radical Brownies.” A no-whites-allowed, openly Marxist version of the Girl Scouts. The online radical left is bursting with praise for the segregated “social justice” scouts. The...
  +bajin  ...group...
that white girls will be allowed to join in the future, but for now it is just for “girls of color.”
  +Dirigible  loooolll
is this even acceptable
against white girls
racism****
white girls face SO much of that.
did not see fit to remove a group I reported that was specifically a group for people to share rape jokes. Fucking shit.
  +Dirigible  uuuuuuuuuuuugh
lot of people on Facebook were complaining about the NYC 'blizzard' not being as 'bad' as they'd hoped. My response was - I bet it was pretty fucking bad for the homeless people who had to experience it, eh?
take the chill pill and listen to this perfect work of art
lol ok pal
do I soundly argue against freeze peaches with actual examples and shit to back myself up?
lots and lots of duct tape. Lots of it.
for what reason are you arguing?
someone I know believes in the sort of liberal "all speech should be legal" thing and I want to make a sound argument about why that's stupid and dangerous.
classic argument made by the patriarchs is 'fire in a crowded theater'
would argue more along the lines of speech made for the sole purpose of terrorizing and intimidating someone is nothing more than terrorism and intimidation..
like any other right, you should have it,as long as it doesn't infringe on the rights of others
why in most places you can't block business entrances or sidewalks during protests
looking at our rules might help spur something
issue with free speech in the united states is that the constitution only offers protections from the government
I'm not sure about case law since I'm not a lawyer
you could also argue that it's not actually enforced in the US, either
freedom of speech in general?
you're unpopular, like a communist during the Red Scare, they just found /other/ reasons to persecute you
because of your speech
freedom of speech only protects those whose speech supports the patriarchy
  +Euryale  patriarchy/establishment
protects those people who say extremist things that work toward the establishment's best interests
while the establishment notices those who speak things against the establishment and then finds other reasons to silence.
actually during the Red Scare they didn't even /pretend/ to respect free speech
speech", like many things, is for those in power
can't /really/ have freeze peaches without a power source for your freezer :3
if you use your ability to speak or use the internet to retaliate against a person for exercising a legal right, like if someone gets a restraining order so you defame them
not legal protected speech iirc
doesn't need to censor opinions it doesn't like ... it just ignores them. Look at what happens to the third party presidential candidates.
yet very effective.
they don't 'censor' the speech... they just find excuses to lock away the speaker for something else, completely unrelated the moment they become a credible threat.
don't believe that
fully expect that there are many, many atrocities at the hands of the US that its citizens never hear about
things they hear about and ~ignore~
  +DrYucatan  ^
was talking more about the ignoring done by the mass media and the Powers that Be (TM)
so much the citizens themselves
citizens never get to hear about those things at all because none of their information sources mention it.
guess it's a kind of censorship, sure.
it's kind of hard for the citizens to pay attention when we are not told what is going on
not the kind we normally think of when we say 'censorship.'
at least, not the kind I think of.
hard to get the word out without the aid of the establishment
you think media just decides not to run stories the government might not want us to hear?
and demand news, mirite
think that whole "give the people what they want" argument is very convenience to hide behind
both media and government
I think we we're talking past each other. My initial point was primarily made in reference to 'non-mainstream' political views and political candidates
point being, if you have views outside of a narrow mainstream, you will severely struggle to get the word out - not because you're being suppressed, per se, but because nobody important will give you a chance to air your view
see this happen with 3rd party political candidates all the time. Don't have X percent in the polls? Sorry, no debate seat.
I think that in a capitalist society the media is owned by the capitalist classes. They don't have to collude with the government in order to support the establishment.
especially when the government is merely the puppet of our capitalist overloards
  +Dirigible  yeap
ding ding
this is extremely late but your point about the government being merely a puppet is extremely poignant.
you scabdates
don't worry about being late-to-the-party
discussion on ##feminism is kinda really, really important ATM
##feminism is Important :)
like it when discussion happens in here, gives me something to read instead of just making idle remarks.
I think it's important to cast women in lead roles. Some people I know accused the film of tokenism in this regard.
  +Dirigible  lol
you see
PANDERING
up
lol lol
if every other movie isn’t just pandering to dudes’ need to see themselves in like 90% of roles -_-
  +Keilana  smh
dude was like "ok i get diversifying it but do all 4 of them have to be females"
  +Dirigible  like
  +Dirigible  .
so far up their own asses
They do. Fucking deal with it because it’s probably gonna be fucking awesome
did the original 4 'Busters have to be guys?
patriarchy, DrYucatan
  +DrYucatan  Yeppers.
  +Keilana  >.>
you see
mans
naturally inclined
busting ghosts
think the backlash is ridiculous on two fronts
pandering is still cracking me up
Why is it a problem to have an all-female cast? Like, how is that an issue on any level, whatsoever?
actresses
  +scabdates  imho
probably be mad if a female expendables was made tbh
fact that men are making it an issue is kinda silly.
like all movies are man-centric
  +scabdates  ^^
for maybe sex in the city even though it fails the bechdel test etc etc
it's nicely self aware of that iirc)
but those people are not men so they don’t count as ppl, void|work
The fact that men are making it an issue is kinda silly. <-- true about far more than movies
Indeed.
who doesn't think kristen wiig is awesome? I don't really understand that perspective at all
am 100% here for SOOKIE ST JAMES
sookies have sibilant names)
sookie st james = melissa mccarthy)
sookie stackhouse, sookie sapperstein)
you don't like sookie st. james AND gilmore girls, there might be something wrong with you
of gender
ideal cast of girls for Ghostbusters 3 is Kristen Schaal, Tina Fey, Jessica Williams, and Melissa McCarthy.
  +Dirigible  scabdates
  +Dirigible  you
my new bff
yeah, DrYucatan
  +scabdates  <3
don't forget Rashida Jones!
be awesome, too!
hard to limit it to 4 really :\
  +Dirigible  ^
were some really good woc casting ideas floating around before it was a Thing
of these names I have no idea who they are. :(
ahhhh <3 I wanted Jessica Williams too
girls
ON IT
you're making me want to do a re-watch of gilmore girls hahaha
been a long time... but I'm getting a craving
on my watching list is "Blue is the Warmest Colour"
tell us how it is! I’ve been meaning to watch that for awhile
partner downloaded it a while back and suggested it, it looks right up my alley!
favourite genres are mainly arthouse/foreign films.
IT'S ON NETFLIX
IT
is the warmest colour was good
tho
think we'll watch it the next time we both have a day off together.
time to renew that netflix subscription!
I saw a thing that made me happy
is a dude behind me on this plane knitting socks for his wife
had a rly nice conversation about yarn art
always makes me happy seeing dudes knit
  +deSz ???
you didn't have voice. Nobody could hear you. I reposted your link.
  +deSz okay
is +m?
yes... unfortunately :1
you have voice now so... not a problem
  +deSz ok
  +deSz ty
is a very cool thing the article is talking about, by the way
  +deSz yeah
saw it a while back.
think it was featured on vice
all
  +KittenGNU  "
Correctness is all about some self-appointed group (liberals?) setting out to define the rules of speech, particularly political speech, on their terms.
speech is also integral to promotion of multiculturalism and identity politics. We can't refer any longer to an individual as an American. We must refer to them as African-American. Latin-American. Mexican-American.
  +KittenGNU  "
  +KittenGNU  Mexican-American..?
the spookey spectre of multiculturalism is hunting us, oh noes!
  +KittenGNU  *haunting
frightful hobgoblin, one might say.
  +LambdaSix  urgh
mexican american thing sounds odd. i guess mexico now is in another continent ;-)
have found that people who rail against "Political Correctness" are actually just generally annoying whiney shits
  +KittenGNU  Mexico-America.
  +DrYucatan  Mexican-USian.
may or may not also be kinda bigoted
  +LambdaSix  >_>
“Latin-American” refers to something entirely unrelated to the US anyway, surely.
not comparable to African-American.
is problematic in at least two regards; it bundles ethnicity and ancestry together and marks them as an exogroup to 'American'
I should really call my German-Franco-British
I wouldn't, because that's stupid and ranks the same level as people saying "Yeah, but I'm like 1/16th Apache" >_>
  +LambdaSix  s/my/myself
  +LambdaSix  </rant>
historical context is relevant, i think.
well a lot of African Americans identify with their African cultural roots. Hence things like Kwanza and the adoption of Islam by many black nationalists
  +kirjatoukka  ^
from the Pennsylvania Dutch, there's really no other group similar
dismissing it, just pointing out the weird bits with it from a european viewpoint :P
they're mostly assimilated now
to WWI and WWII
well, lots of things that make sense for a marginalised group are weird/shitty for a dominant group to do. :P
i once rerad about them and was kind of fascinated - the Pennsylvania Dutch i mean - they have a own language in wikipedia i think ...
well they just spoke older German
It's wildly amusing when you have an american commentator on something in the UK and they stumbled over "African-amer.. African-eng.. uh.." :P
Amish and Hutterites still speak it
  +zetkin iirc
“older german”, kind of — so many dialects, though.
true
its weird how much diversity there used to be within languages in Europe
yes, i think that i dicovered at some point and then spent an evening reading about them and similar groups in the us
pfälzisch :3
England had so many dialects
german even more so, i think.
I imagine so
We still have a lot of phrases/idioms/words that are locale specific. :P
know the Parisian French did their best to stamp out rival dialects
lush from bristol comes to mind
was a lot of really shitty stuff the parisians did to the southern french
to the Bretons and Basques
können alles. Außer Hochdeutsch.”
german, but i can't really read the pennsylvania dutch. when reading it out loud, it starts making sense but when trying to read in silent i fail understanding it. It's like a dialect written down as it sounds
is Cockney rhyming like how some people really talk?
  +kirjatoukka  no
okay
for tourists
seen it used in a sort of fucked up elitist way before
make fun of people
never like someone use it just to use it
kinda weird, it's pretty much a distinguisher language
was a british exchange student who was making fun of the london rioters
  +zetkin :P
  +kirjatoukka  ugh
can speak a chunk of cockney, but don't because very people know it anymore
Yeah
no, i meant the east end
and that.
spreading up to north london slowly :P
  +kirjatoukka  yeah.
there are so many gentrification apologists where I am that I want to strangle. Of course the city I live in is mostly dead now except for the west and south. its all be developed
kind of disturbing how fast it happens
some of the industrial districts like Ballard are gentrified to shit
used to be nice, now it's all restaurants and stuff
more central-north london though, central london is a capitalistic hellhole at the best of places..)
heard East Berlin is still a bit nice tachikoma is that true?
grandma used to use some cockney rhyming slang, but i don’t know how much she’d have used it in a ‘natural’ context if that makes sense?
yeah it does. It would be interesting to study its history tbh
yes, people there are quite resisting the gentrification, but I assume it's only delayed there :(
was from fairly central, near angel actually LambdaSix, but had lived outside london for something like 50 years.)
have you seen a nighttime areal view of Berlin?
friend of mine who must be in his 60s now uses it now and then, but i don't know if it's a natural thing or just to amuse himself and others.
yeah that’s kind of what i assume my grandmother was doing.
its cool how the color of the street lites shows the division between east and west
  +zetkin lights*
i actually never realized that. I'm not from berlin, just have freinds there that i sometimes visit
there more often in the past though - Chaos computer Congress was the main reason back then and thats where i meat people that I visited between the congrsses
have you been to Gaststaette Kollektiv
  +zetkin ?
I ever get to Berlin I want to stop there. They serve food from the DDR
i have not been there, but i was in the DDR when it still exited and ate there ;)
cool
the food good?
heard people thought it was inferior then but then now think it was better who lived there
a lot of brands seem pretty popular like the little red riding hood wine
very faszinating experience, I was in a bording school and one day they decided to do a trip to dresden as there also was a bording scool they had contact to. so i was staying there at the "bischoefliches ordinariat" - in the room of the property managers daughter ... (both bording schools were catholic)
food there was great, actually most things i experience there were great
  +zetkin cool
lost one evening and had the chance to experioence the police, which also was great - even though i was a 'westener' staying in the bishops house
got lost one evening ...
  +zetkin :o
know the whole thing was a mixed bag historically, but there was a lot of good that people like in the US don't want to admit
apocryphal stories of people making friends with their Stasi minders I've heard
  +zetkin lol
you seen the lives of others?
theres a book where this happens i remeber zetkin
kirjatoukka
cant recall the title
it’s along those lines, kind of.
  +zetkin cool
check it out
only place the food was terrible, i mean - really horribel - was on the highway leading to berlin, these transit routes, they had so called 'intershops' where you only could paty with westgerman money. The lemonade was so bad, it already had built up alkohol in it and the cake was ... something from a horror movie, I expected it to start moving any second
lol
the wall really was to keep the westerners out then?
wanted to trick the westerners to stay out of their socialist paradise ;)
bad food
most westeners only saw thos on their way to west berlin, so maybe it was intended.
Lenin was a great film about the late DDR if you haven't seen it kirjatoukka
check it out.
dad was in east berlin when he was youngrr and he remembers eatibg fried turtle at some restaurant
were a whole bunch of things in the DDR that were way way better then they are now in the reunited germany
I'd try that
like childcare for example
still are much better in the eastern part of germany
have been quite commonly eaten in the past
I've heard that people like in the east bloc took those things for granted and so they only saw what they were missing that westerners had available and like imagined they'd get to keep their great health services, pensions, transit and all that
they got "democracy"
the first several attempts to bring giant tortoises back to europe from the galapagos islands failed, because they were so tasty.
never had turtle. only amphibian I've eaten is frog
is super tasty
saw tinned snails in finland, which was… odd.
on howcisprepared
yes, but i think a big issue was the fact that you were not allowed to leave the DDR...
yeah well brain drain was a serious problem
are pretty much tasteless
well educated engineer could make a great living in the west
only a vehicle for the sauve or w/e
  +nuit sauce
don't think I'd like snail
I'd eat it in a dish
not by itself
its not bad
it like oyster?
get this pokey thing and take it out of its shell with it
really like oyster
  +zetkin lame
really cheap in my area like salmon is  which is awesome
also your average west german couldn't leave either
practice
yes, but that was not the main reason in the beginning, it only got worse when the two germanies drifted apart more and more over time
what was the main reason?
what do you mean by that? (average west german)
well they couldn't afford to leave their job
just move to some other country
afaik at the beginning it was more ideologically rooted
how so?
after the 'wirtschaftswunder' many could do that i think
know it was called like the antifascist wall right?
familiar with janet bloomfield>
understanding is that in the beginning the DDR (leadership) saw itself as some kind of flagship of socialism and that the east german inhabitants were supposed to follow that idea. People that wanted to leave back then did not due to better jobs but due to ideological differences - and as that threw a bad light on the DDR from an ideological point of view, the leaders back then tried stop themn from leaving.
were also quite some westeners that moved to the ddr back then, mostly for ideological reasons as well
##socialism is a better place to discuss this :)
sorry for being off topic, i actually need to work here a bit :)
ops in #geekfeminism, because misogynistic trolls :/
._.
think it is the same people that tried to raid here.
ping ^
to the internet, where being a woman is a free invite to be harrassed. >_>
have always been idiots in this world. But thanks to the internet - they now know each other ...
  +LambdaSix  Quite.
the trope of "just throw 'sjw'ish terms into your speech and you'll pass" >_>
o:
that the thing upholderof mentioned
think so
  +Dirigible  niceiceice
maybe just a coincidence
someone on r/socialism just posted that
  +morganq  dunno

  +Dirigible  hii
everyone today
and unmotivated
  +Dirigible  you?
kinda, because I periodically try to wean myself off caffeine
is one of those days
caffeine tolerance is getting serious
i just keep taking the same amount
lazy to take additional doses
mental tolerance gets to a point but my physical tolerance doesn't keep up
think at this point, for me, it's all placebo
if I get too addicted I start noticing my hands shaking
  +Dirigible  lol
have never gotten like that
affects different people differently
also just don't really have much
happens if you go to costco but aren't a member
do they know
have bouncers
  +Dirigible  what!
i can't even get inside?
have to present your card when you go in and when you hceck out
you can run past them
wait for them to be checking someone elses
have to pretend to be in someone's family
i get out once i'm in?
haha
can just ask someone to let u in with their card
i buy stuff if i don't have a card?
least u can at a similar palce here
think they have 1-day passes though... but it might only be on special days
don't wanna stand outside and be like "hey can you help me in B)"
time i went they got rid of 1 day passes :((
48 pack of tp for mer
  +breakdancingcat  me
just wanna check out their waterbottle selection ._.
got a wicked lunch bag from there once!
a pretty good retailer
keep misgendering the first nonbinary person I've known and that really bothers me
I haven't had to use they for a person in the same room as me before and that like
some reason feels hard to do
trying, though! Keep being cognizant of your difficulties and strive to overcome them.
hard to do but changing your thought patterns like that is so worth it. It's such a powerful thing to do to support nonbinary people.
it is pretty hard
is. But important! Nonbinary people are important and affirming the existence of identities outside of the gender binary is important.
yeah fuck the gender binary
  +DrYucatan  ^
the spirit!
hi.
a great charity
leave all my money to
me WANT A TATTOO
love tattoos.
have two, so far.
i have not really been a tattoo person
now i feel like
find a lot of body modification beautiful.
i'm ever in this person's area, i should get tattoo'd by them
would you consider getting a tattoo on you?
chest i guess
  +void|work  :)
don't think i'm really an arm tat person
like the idea of hand/wrist tats but permanence fucks with me and i think that's the last place i want something permanent
have tattoos on my left ankle and right wrist.
love the idea of a hidden skull tattoo
upholderof
back
  +upholderof yeah!
goes the upholding?
enjoying it
  +Dirigible  lol
Crews: Feminist
duckasaurus! a nomisaurus is looking for you!
to try that out, many new job offers from my company :)
excellent...
hmm.)
my god LambdaSix that's wonderful
.. we have 68 open job positions !?!?
how big is your company?
honestly don;t know
bought and bought again and then parts were sold of and so
  +tachikoma  on
guess around 500 employees all over the globe but thats just a guess
still a pretty heft % of open positions then?
is, that why i'm so surprised
of course it's lots of targetted job adverts for the same few jobs?
all over the globe though, but still ...
it's differrent offers, many in engineering and sales it seems
guess that's at least a little satisfying about job security if your company is expanding that hard...
the joblint output is - one line ...
Gendered pronouns are used and mismatched: him
guess thats good?!?
not hard to fix
one the sentence is "The ideal candidate will represent him- or herself actively within the Open Source community"
that need a fix?
no native speaker
looks good to me.
like a case for the "singular 'they'"
  +Alan /them
can suggest that
like a false-positive in the test, really.
checked some more, only get "No issues found with the job spec!" :)
seems a bit gender binary though?
i just realised that after i said.
in, if it's not necessary to be so, why use it?
again, the themself/theirself seems to not be a commonly-accepted word?
I don't know
really remove the pronoun entirely, if one wasn’t happy using singular they/them. “the ideal candidate will be active within the open source community”.
a reword is probably a better option
it might be due to germans having originated the text - here there is a trend to make things that were described male in the past to be described male/female now. So when in the past "Designer" was written, people now write "Designer/in".
I'll let HR know about 'they/them'.
better, about joblint
/ theirself is perfectly well accepted if'n you ask me
i am young and trans so that may colour my experiences somewhat)
pretty sure at least all native english speakers would understand it anyway, and at the end of the day, language is a method of communication, not a prescribed protocol....
I'm sure it's something that language purists would waste far too much effort arguing over, and "formal" contexts seem to really bring that out in people
purists please get in a trash can
have organisations here that lobby to get every single foreign word replace by a german word - up to a point where it really gets ridiculous. Words like 'Computer" or "Internet"....
"represent themselves actively within"
is like, perfectly ordinary english :P
  +Alan yeah
a related note, the guardian just published an article about the need for a gender-neutral pronoun, dismissing ‘they’ because “remember that pronouns must match both gender and number”.
of like
  +eegor  you
  +kirjatoukka  >_>
what
hate seeing him/her in things..
morning!
are you talking about
earlier discussion, sorry
going to be changed in the future - just got feedback from HR - they won;t change for this one as apparently the job offer will be removed tonight
  +cirvinfox  cool
i was right, it was written by a german who thought that he does it right as in german this is the required form.
german not have an ungendered form?
'him/her' needs to freaking /die/
Euryale
does in many cases. Both versions are here accepted as gender neutral, however - feminists here in the past fought mainly for the explicit variant, so that became quite common here now - especially for official documents
as in like "one must do x and y in order to z"
"one must sit while the train is moving" or whatever
  +cirvinfox  cool
yea, him/her is... abbhorent
human languages...
  +tachikoma  yes!!:)
think there was an experiment done, that showed that the language in which you think tends to affect the wya you think
always nice to l;earn something like these differences that otherwise would never be visible to me
i recall hearing something like that
- as a friend from denmark alawys told me - "The german language was invented to give orders" :)
Sapir-Whorf conjecture
language is designed to shape the thought processes of its users, in the style of the Sapir–Whorf hypothesis in Zen-like fashion."
yes Euryale :3
hoo! thousands of dollars and years of my life VALIDATED!
das hab ich schon an
sorry
which is just more evidence that the 'little things' that the misogynistic thought-police like to remind us don't matter actually /do matter/.
those who think words are just words arent thinking abstractly enough
got voiced but I'm not sure that's appropriate as I'm a guy, just a heads up
wow... that's very upfront of you. Don't worry though. This isn't MM, this is just ##feminism being in siege-mode. We're temp-voicing guys for the time being.
going on? :-/
I figured as much for the siege. And yeah, definitely still a feminist. Just remember to remove the voice on MM!
liked it when here at some university many complained about the use of both genders in official documents - and especially the use of "Proffessor/in" was under a lot of disussion. so somebody in these discussion just suggested to only uuse the female form then and they voted and it was decided to only use the femal form.
np :3
  +tachikoma  female
I've noticed a lot of that going around in technical writing. The emacs documentation is full of it.
frankly... I'm all for linguistic affirmative action.
just realized how bad theoverall situation is when that happened - i think it was in leipzig - as it triggered some kind of national shitstorm :(
the some of the media tried to make fun of it
is preferable, to me, than neutral form because the female-form is explicitly addressing the power imbalance between men and women whereas the neutral form does not.
some theoretical computer science they just do all the textbooks w she/her
- and it makes the midsetp of the majority of the population quite visible, at least in this case it did that...
use singular they for everything at work though
try using neutral forms whereever that is possible, but have to admit that it's really hard to get it right in a language that tradtionally always and everywhere used the male form
only time I really use 'they' on purpose is when I'm referring to a /specific/ person that I don't know the correct gender of.
otherwise I use 'she'
think that might in some cases be confusing?
sure, have not experienced it ...
would it be confusing?
always refer to abstract people as 'she'
only refer to non-abstract people as 'they'
ok, i was thinking about non abstract people, sorry
in a novel, every person is reffered to as she - that would confuse me, but i did not read properly
  +tachikoma  sorry
apparently the klingon word for guitar is "leSpal"
be a huge swordy weapon with strings attached?
my default word for guitar is marYford
its a reference to "les paul"
just googled it
now i'm listening to them
how people don't find man as default confusing
had a really long essay on that
i also find that confusing
in my pocket reading list but I can't find it
an article on male/female pronouns in academic paper reposited via the angle of racism
/sounds/ awful, but it's not, honest :P
i remember that.
but as said, i only find it confusing when used in reference to non abstract people - for both genders. I missed that part initially
I can't remember the name of it :(
  +LambdaSix  aha!
when you read an book and it describes e.g. a man an a woman sitting on a table having a conversation - and both are then referenced as 'she' or 'he'.
just had that confusion when reading 'the peripheral' last week, thats why i thought of that.
feeling about nonsexist English is that it is like a foreign language that I am learning. I find that even after years of practice, I still have to translate sometimes from my native language, which is sexist English. I know of no human being who speaks Nonsexist as their native tongue. It will be very interesting to see if such people come to exist. If so, it will have taken a lot of work by a lot of people to reach that point.”
that paper 0.0
it was a general comment, not something you need to get defensive about
hm?
just wanted to make myself clear, because i feel a bit stupid it...
of it ..
it makes me feel feelings of uncomfy, and awesome, all at once
I felt super uncomfortable reading it on the tube, but it's definitely worth reading :3
wicked awesome satire
the australian's obituary was suuuper fucked up
to people making their own disparaging obituaries to shit on news corp
he was a top bloke neither before nor after death.' was my favourite >.>
probably
  +Dirigible  heheh
reaired a tv show he was in, called the checkout, recently
sort of consumer information/mocking companies for being dodgy
thanks, now i know what to watch tonight :)
did not take caffeine this morning and i am regretting it
sleepy
  +Dirigible  =.=
Caffeine hardly affects me >.<
was thinking the same
apparently it's still playing an integral role in my waking up
discovered havin ice cold / hot / ice cold shower work wonders for me ...
without shower i am dysfunctional
generally a night-showerer, but I took a morning shower the other day and it was amazingly refreshing and helpful with waking up
do everything i can to not have to wake up earlier than i already do
then I had to go out in the snow with damp hair... so that was less fun
ok, well i have three small kids, no choice but to get up at 6 in the morning ...
  +Dirigible  ok
then shower beats coffe every time - in terms of getting me awake
i hope you enjoy it, it's a bit australia specific for the most part though
  +epi  ikr
looks for all the world like malware
i don't especially enjoy getting up that early but i do enjoy a cold/hot/cold shower a lot
that morning showers will beat this sleeping disorder as well as caffeine
notepad++ dude is gross :v
as well as caffeine tries to
sleeping disorder is something else - i sleep quiote well i imaging - at least the three to four hours my smallest one allows me to...
good thing I stopped using windows for programming
still there's like, sublime and such
this.
that's privilege in a nutshell
I saw that this morning, can't get enough of it
oona
:)
the time!
usually by people who hold privilege over me!
it ever get into your head and train you to keep quiet
people who are used to oppressing you can't anymore, they feel oppressed themselves
friend's been threatening to not be my friend anymore because i'm "too much of an activist"
the time :1
other words i don't let him just say whatever shit he wants all the time
It exherts a pressure on me, yes
what thing were you standing up to?
That was my last girlfriend. We are not dating anymore.
  +morganq  :(
it's a little too personal a thing to say exactly here
i'd take that as a badge, morgonk
  +yar  Dirigible++
frowns needed
try but it did hurt to hear.
actually, we're barely friends anymore :1
i can imagine it'd suck on multiple levels
hear
a friend over that stuff is like a rite of passage. it sucks but it's also liberating.
realize you don't have to hold your brain hostage to the brains of others
a sadness in realizing the stark difference between you and shitty friends
again in realizing what it means
  +yar  yeah
if you were close
here's one: Don't you love when you're talking about something related to social justice and your 'friend' whines that you "never want to talk about something interesting?!"
I talk about patriarchy. If you don't want to talk about social justice, find other friends.
I often have the same talks
and the people hate me
and here's the thing. Whenever I'm like "okay... so... what did you want to talk about" it's always something like a video game or some crap I couldn't care /less/ about!
BEING POOR. YOU STARVE? WHAT A BORE
in the world am I watching
sf bay area
still the same, men are shit
more I live, more I hate them
  +LadyCailin indeed
think if they can grow beards they are more powerful than us
for what
  +Dirigible  lirling
this
don't respect us
  +Dirigible  sham
someone posted that on facebook and the woman receiving it said 'a very smart man made this chart' :(
if they do, they only want to abuse us :c
that chart.. so hate.
had to explain to my fiancé that it's sexist :(
  +cirvinfox  -.-
sorry breakdancingcat
ok, I think we're past it. He said he felt like he got yelled at and i'm just over here like... T_T
beards mean nothing, though i do respect an impressive one
am so over beards
not particularly fond of them
i had this one TA in college.. who had a perfect one.
perfect one ive seen.
others are meh
just another penis contest
of machismo
of manliness
they'll braid their beard hair with their dick hair and it'll come full circle
not really
can grow a beard :p
certainly not manly/macho
but you doing that wouldn't negate the symbolism for the mans
  +cirvinfox  yea
i quite dislike it, i will eventually not have the ability to do so
just so much beard wankery
is a particular tumblr image i have in my head
this one white dude
a beard shaped like a bowl
ramen out of it
it just makes me UGHHH
dudes are too much
  +morganq  yuck
soup
  +Dirigible  YEAH
why is that a thing
be fair i'm sure he doesn't routinely eat his ramen that way.
dude
who does that
GUYS
they are like pigs
I hate seeing them, but in my college I see them very often
awful
so bored of beards...
just have no idea why you'd wanna do that
show the world how man you are
Act To Amend Section 41-41-33, Mississippi Code Of 1972, To Prohibit The Abortion Of A Human Being Based Upon A Determination Of The Gender Or Race Of The Human Being; To Amend Section 41-41-39, Mississippi Code Of 1972, To Prescribe Criminal Penalties For Violations Of This Act; And For Related Purposes."
beard dominance
the aborton of a human being"
the weasel words there
being"
  +cirvinfox  yuck
mean clump of cells
  +cirvinfox  blastocyte
how do you feel about this in general?
of abortion based on gender or race of the fetus?
think its just a weasely way to get the other language in
bullshit
of course, chris mcdaniel is the sponsor
a fuckwad
  +cirvinfox  uuuurrgh
do you remember what John Paul II told about family?
role of women in family?
I'm not catholic so I don't pay much attention to The Pope
I also hate him
he was from Poland, but was very stupid
not catholic also :/
Poland they still live in middle age
you hear about abortion pills?
you mean the plan B pills?
calling them 'abortion pills' is kinda... sketchy
AFAIK there's no "Abortion Pill".... yet
  +Dirigible  wat
definitely an abortion pill
abortion vs surgical abortion
lot (all?) clinics will offer you an option between methods
you're eligible
thought that was more like Plan B? Like a really big dose of birth control (i'm not a doctor)
B you take without a confirmed pregnancy
in case
abortion is a combination of mifepristone and misoprostol
abortion makes you miscarry or something
causes the pregnancy to stop growing and the uterus to contract and expel the pregnancy
u Keilana
yeah, I have heard of that.... well a miscarriage is a "spontaneous abortion"
to a doctor means the termination of the pregnancy by whatever mechanism
  +jkirch yeah
B is not an abortifacient nor is regarded as one by doctors
can prevent a fertilized egg from implanting technically
that’s not an abortifacient, abortifacients terminate an implanted pregnancy
  +ottanta  ^
you mean
child
  +Dirigible  B)
you believe that life begins at ejaculation
seem to remember attempted legislation that would investigate any woman for just having a miscarrige
is a really good overview of how that works
cirvinfox
is a thing. And in several countries it is a legal reality
think I've heard a few states trying that, sadly
  +jkirch *follow*
they did that in Romania
any of y'all seen that movie
Ceausescu's government
Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days?
the midwife is in does excellent gyne stuff, and they are non-cissexist for the most part :)
good movie dealing with this subject matter
they did a whole bunch of fucked up stuff relating to infringing upon the reproductive rights of women
4 months, 3 weeks and 2 days
i recommend it
taxes and stuff
TW
  +ottanta  celibacy*
that 'mid-term' for a pregnancy? coz a lot of folks say "9 months" but IME it lasts past the last day of the 9th month and into the 10th
one of the big factors in the Roe V Wade decision the fact that abortion in the first trimester is far safer than childbirth, statistically
  +Keilana  yes
ever notice how the same people that say banning guns won't stop people from having guns are the same folks who wanna ban abortions?
just like how, if one were to supposedly be one of those libertarian types, they'd look at economics-minded works like freakonomics which point out the 50% causal decrease in crime that safe and legal abortions causes
people are going to get abortions. The abortion rate does not change at all with legal vs illegal abortion
rate of mortality drops like a stone when it’s legalizd
  +jkirch yup
only way to reduce the abortion rate is to up the rate of birth control use
is IT.
time someone mentions freakonomics my eyes narrow
i can't recall why
I know that feeling because I feel it too right now, like, something about it feels skeezy and I don't remember why
sure it was about them being racist
well, shitty in the normal ways science is, i guess
symbolic jesture of people who call women sluts for using birth control, the aim of which is more to give women greater control over their own reproductive rights, than to promote sexual deviancy
then, so fucking what, what even is the levied accusation of sexual deviancy but an attempt to control the sexual organs of others
yeaahhhh
sucks levitt is kinda cute
  +jkirch wow.
<ottanta> that sucks levitt is kinda cute <-- me about many white dudes
  +ottanta  lol
knew it was specifically that quote which was fucked up
conclusion linking race and crime: fewer African-American children correlates to less crime."
I thought they were correlating that women who had abortions were better able to raise their existing kids?
imagine that's what you would say
someone said "uhm that sounds fucked up"
I can’t imagine them being THAT racist
you go into something with racist notions, is it a surprise that your conclusion will be racist?
not really interested in giving the benefit of the doubt to pop-science white dudes
  +ProfessorIberia  ^^^
enough
realize they were white dudes
that this disproportionally affects POC because systemic racism in the economy
but that's different than specifically doing research on abortion rates of black women
concluding that crime went down
abortion rates went up
  +Dirigible  ikr
benefit"
  +ProfessorIberia  >Prison
  +ProfessorIberia  >Positive
was it african-american women? in his book he just said it was women's access to abortion
wait I'm reading through the thread what Keilana said
like he published a paper on it separate to the book
yeah definitely, that’s not valid statistically or anything
  +Keilana  also
is not causation
being, if you go into a study looking at black people as a problem to solve
  +Dirigible  ...
benefit to the tune of $15,000 per inmate per year if inmates are packed into overcrowded conditions" <-- i am still staring at this one scratching my head
maybe crime rates when down because abortion wasn't a crime anymore
“look abortion rates went up and crime went down” is completely unhelpful
exactly as helpful as saying “shark attacks went up and crime went down’
whatever
  +Dirigible  lolll
I can think is
people are given free access to sharks, shark related crime pummets'
why I'm laughing at that it's dumb
that’s actually p funny
now I’m imagining “shark related crime"
TEEN ROBS STORE WITH GREAT WHITE SHARK"
LEMON SHARKS FOUND IN LOCAL CRIME DEN"
MAN BEATEN TO DEATH WITH HAMMERHEAD SHARK"
CONVICTED OF MURDER"
man caught trying to donate sharks to children's toy drive"
my friend loves to read "florida man" and make fun of it
rubbernecking
shaming politician found with illegal shark paraphernalia
my god shark shaming
just start replacing all the "florida man" with "florida shark"
not just 'shark'
shark caught trying to donate sharks to children’s toy drive”
Ignored By Dunkin' Donuts Employee During Armed Robbery Attempt, Admits ?I?m Not Very Good at This?
  +Dirigible  lollllll
Lets Anger Get the Better of Him at Son's Pee Wee Hocky Game

Screams "He's Got a Gun" Before Tackling Open Carry Advocate in Walmart
hero shark is hero
  +Dirigible  lirl
Stabs Husband with Squirrel
sharks sharkband with squirrel-sized shark
great is if you picture the whole sealioning metaphor
just add shark
one knows how to do this, really–not even us!"
does the bot really works?
really fascinated with her
it opensourced?
  +ottanta  ?
pablo__ asks if you can see bot's source code
and he mentioned the quote from channel topic
youtube comments
like watching (pirated episodes of) panel comedy but the comments section is invariably filled with comments mocking the female panelists for whatever reason :p
I should adblock them
read the comments
a thing for that isn't there
separate extension
something
comment blocker
great
test
does it work?
is it based on?
  +Dirigible  google
I know
but what is this bot based on?
really interested in that
maybe I want to put her on my channel
your channel?
a number of racist commands removed
I haven't started it yet
now i'm mod in #pablo__, i'll sell it for $10
  +Dirigible  LOL
I want to start feminist channel for polish girls who want to get rid of men domination
XD
racist commands? pablo__?
I just want to know more about this bot
a modified supybot
there were a few macros the bot knew about that were questionable and got edited out iirc ?
I'm starting my career in IT and I like this kind of programming
the original supybot had racist crap.
was going to say...
what kind of racism?
have no idea, I'm completely baffled!
am a little disappointed, since supybot was written my three guys
female developers :(
  +dlnx`` s/my/by
limnoria with a few plugins. that's all.
do you think about it?
iirc the racist stuff was like, misprouncing filters. "asian" mixed up Ls and Rs,
like a stupid plugin
  +sorta  very
maybe I'll google for more details :)
you ;]
  +dlnx`` well
trolling stupid?
the program looks great
was serious question
  +dlnx`` :)
i think trolling is good when you troll-up, so to say
you
I mean
you troll dick dawk, dc bloggers, GGers, etc. its good
  +dlnx`` hmm
decides who's good to troll
  +dlnx`` ?
that benefit from yet do not attack structural oppression, and those who express bigotry
but who decides… that?
there any committee
  +dlnx`` ?
in this case /I/ decide who is a bad troll >:3
only issue i have with that is how it may look to neutrals. i personally prefer to avoid trolling people in general.
<3
but don't you know
"that was a serious question" means they're not trolling
  +upholderof conducive
conducive
life
conDUit
I'll host a rabb.it party tonight
is the decider
Decider
  +upholderof ^
to you January of the year two thousand,
are
Decider
Bush did say that in 2006
neither... I have a non-binary gender
that singular they
are you multiple?
of different ones are being floated around ... it's good to see people are more sensitive to the issue now, but still, gets confusing...
my bad. It's hard for me to escape my ingrained prescriptivist grammarian tendencies ...
language
  +Dirigible  ewwwwww
is what institutionalised education does to you
singular they, tyvm. Or feminine pronouns.
not neither :P
singular 'they' /is/ grammatically correct...
my limited experience, singular they is an incredibly common gender neutral pronoun
anyone who whines about it should go straight to the gulag
morning femnimninists
I know ... Shakespeare and Austen use it
  +Dirigible  hi
  +oona morning
probably others
locas :3
nice to be more 'out' about being non-binary
most of the time I don't really have the luxury :1
though I did transition
between binaries and transitioning to thing-patriarchy-does-not-recognize is totally different
shouldn't have voice should I?
  +void|home  (✿◠‿◠)
and obey.
like, question that.)
good god...
normally I proxy everything through a VPN but my laptop died and I'm using this ancient desktop and doing stuff in-the-clear...
/really/ hope my mother doesn't go on amazon anytime soon 'cuz all the recommended products are like...
by your browsing history: [stuff literally inscribed with 'Male Tears']"
just screencapped it
  +void|home  Hah!
so proud :3
that's /all/ there is!
looked at my amazon recommended products and they were fluffy cat/fox ears. :-\
I don't recall looking at them at all.
someone's camping your wifi?
  +Euryale  *shrugs*
i just finished Nightcrawler
  +Dirigible  A+++
Gyllenhaal just hella upped his game
the opinion on feminist opinion
  +yar  wat
you be both "progressive" and "radical"?
are they mutually exclusive
tend to squirm and shy away from 'progressive' as a label due to its appropriation by the leftists.
not sure what you mean
thought we were "the leftists"
  +Euryale  eeer
  +Euryale  liberals
  +Euryale  sorry
think you can be progressive and radical.
the morning
did not get enough sleep
tend to think of progressive as quite a big camp
then again as I type this I /just/ got off the phone talking about prog rock so...
  +morganq  :)
think 'progressive' is supposed to be a word that is designed to contrast with 'reactionary' but in the real-world it almost always implies liberal social democracy.
guess a revolution would be "progress". sort of a stretch though.
in modern American politics is somewhat of a joke/shadow of what the word once meant, however
american progressivism explicitly conceived as an alternative to radicalism
in that sense, in the absence of radicalism, i would agree
I know is I get an 'eew' reaction every time someone calls me a 'progressive'
  +nuit yes
need to vent a bit: this person on ##English spent a while trying to argue to me that domestic violence is a "feminist issue" being brought up during the Super Bowl to " tarnish something that men liketo watch once a  year"
hold your horses for /one freaking minute!/
that's ridiculous on about 1000 different levels
reasoning: in '93 someone lied about Super Bowl Sunday being the day with highest recorded incidents. Apparently it's not that, y'know, the Super Bowl is the most watched TV event of the year.
Yeah... domestic violence IS a feminist issue! Yeah... I think that the fact that the /majority/ of women are likely to experience some form of intimate partner /violence/ is pretty fucking feminist indeed!
There is NO SUCH THING, as unnecessarily bringing up a feminist issue.
sure, there is bringing up these things when it's annoying to the patriarchy.
the thing: we want to get stuff  done? Yeah... we can't do it ourselves. We actually /need/ the cooperation of men--of those in power--to get what we /need to survive/.
but here's the thing about that thing: we shouldn't have to /beg/ or /ask nicely/ for this stuff.
everything from the underlying assumptions to the actual phrasing is so problematic with that argument.
actually have somewhat of a problem with the NFL's no more commercials only to the extent that I don't think the NFL actually cares about the issue whatsoever... but the commercials themselves are not an issue
as usual, the YouTube comments - bunch of the old "men can be victims too" stuff)
and literally the only recourse we have, save for outright /violence/ is to make ourselves as loud and as abrasive and as /annoying/ to the patriarchy as we /possibly can/ so that maybe, just /maybe/ they'll treat us like goddamn human beings if just to make us shut up!
at least they're not making it /too/ obvious that it's being run by the NFL, I guess?
Fuck your Super Bowl. Fuck your football. If you think that your /sport/ is more important than our /safety and well being and our very lives/ then you can just go fuck yourself and fucking die in a fucking ditch because I... I  do not want to share the same /air/ as you, you disgusting /monster/.
  +Euryale  </rant>
it was a commercial for prostate cancer, they'd have no issue whatsoever for it
I hate that fucking argument. He's literally arguing that convenient entertainment (even in ADs!) is more important than lives - it's not even more important than another person's discomfort.
it*
I've seen the argument (and I agree with the argument) that there can be no such thing as a feminist ad campaign because the ad will necessarily reflect the capitalist interests of the corporation that is sponsoring the ad. The ad is feminist in order to encourage the 'grass roots' spreading of the ad through unpaid for channels. It is a capitalist ploy.
ads can not be feminist because feminism is /fundamentally/ anti-capitalist due to the inherently oppressive and stratified nature of capitalism itself.
that makes sense, yeah.
haven't done all my reading yet (or any, I guess, if you don't include the internet). I'm planning to go through that really exhaustive resources page in the MotD.
and now I'm making fun of my own ideology
yeah, thanks for allowing me a space to vent. I get a bit too stressed out about internet idiots sometimes - there's enough of those on campus to avoid.
pleasure~
also the whole premise that the super bowl belongs to men
mean
the super bowl is really a thing which is threatened by women and/or by talking about domestic violence, then fuck the super bowl
yeah. They discounted that proposition on thier own under the impression that it supported their argument somehow.
  +yar  huh?
your confusion with them or with my phrasing? :P
it's with them, I had basically stopped paying attention at that point because, y'know, pain.
confusion is with your phrasing
i just watched the video. hello police state.
if we keep making fiction about friendly sensitive caring cops it will magically be true
it's funny because people are like "there are good cops!" but statistically the percentage is so low that they may as well not exist
the fact that the good ones generally still cover up for the bad ones, thus making them nearly (Arguably equally) culpable
as*
are good people in all sorts of bad roles. the problem is when that's a dominant narrative used to whitewash the role.
there's little mention of feminism
what makes it a good idea?
this fool
is going on
idea to fire richard dawkins out of a cannon into the sun
violent, woman-hating cannon
gentle, woman-respecting cannon
liked one of his books and then it was ruined when I saw him actually try to interact with people :(
likewise :I
I liked many of them
  +oona (2)
me understand many things when studying biology
then...
it’s really unfortunate
have to say I can thank him for passing ecology
disconnected from server
##feminism: 90 nicks (1 op, 45 voices, 44 normals)
For help or to reach the mods, use !femops
  +Dirigible  yeah.
  +Dirigible  lol
  +Keilana  ewwww
ashamed to say I used to like richard dawkins because I read Ancestor's Tale and was like this is neat!
created on Wed, 06 Jun 2012 03:31:29
straight up admit that i was into him
an atheist
read one of his books during my short three months that I read r/atheism
read the selfish gene after ancestor's tale and didn't hate that either
then like
dad saw me reading it and he gave me a book from like someone he worked with
bought and read a few pages of The God Delusion.
it was a creationist dude trying to prove creationism stuff
genetics
was weird
  +Dirigible  lol
god delusion was the one I read, I don't own it anymore lol
dad isn't even religious
  +Dirigible  LOL
dad
really liked Unweaving the Rainbow, that was the first one I read. Then I read the Selfish Gene and liked that….and then I found him on twitter. That was that.
  +locas  lol
you’re into that kind of sciencey goodness but without the douchebaggery, try Your Inner Fish by Neil Shubin
really interesting science and the guy who wrote it JUST REALLY LIKES FISH
a show too, right?
came to speak at my high school and he basically got up there and nerded out over fish for awhile
they adapted it for television?
what??
  +Keilana  really?
part PBS series it looks like
if it's any good
  +Keilana  omg
need this in my life
pretty sure I downloaded the first ep
haven't watch it yet
procrastination tool to not pack right >_>
yes
need many things to amuse myself in the airport I’m stranded in
I may go watch that now
  +Dirigible  fuck
need to pack too
  +Dirigible  UGH
only gonna pack a backpack
two weeks
lightest I've ever packed
your clothes
  +locas  yeah
will
i was gone for 10 days all i took was a backpack and it worked out well
all my socks and underwear will go inside my guitar
a boardgame box
  +Dirigible  AWESOME
a bit afraid the bus will be mad at me for bringing a guitar
it's technically over their size limits
if I JUST have a backpack
addition
they'll be nice
seem common for travelling
  +locas  yeah
did i already tell you
gonna listen to the new moonface
  +locas  eek
it long?
yet
not, being moonface
night i had a heart to heart with random spirit lover
feel like ruining that feeling
YOU'LL WEAR ANY OLD THING
  +Dirigible  ~
here we go
me luck
2 1 okay doin it
concentrate on the lyrics, Dirigible
can't stop watching this
that gif from a real fight? she wrecked that dude
idea but yeah, she wrecked that dude
think you mean rekt
  +LadyCailin #rekt
  +void|afk Coffee!
Monday already, huh
every day like it's misandry monday
  +GorillaWarfare :D
i was already done with men before i even got into work
bus ride and grabbing coffee was an exercise in navigating men taking up massive amounts of space and assuming they matter more than anyone
today will be a total display of machismo for my city cause our team went to the stuper bowl
I almost asked you which team, but then I saw your hostmask
team also went to the Superbowl :3
  +RevertToType heh
lived upstate ny for a while and in one flat i had 6 roomies who were all NE fans
just not in the mood though for drunken dudes being themselves on my bus ride home
might wait til just after the game starts to leave work early and avoid as much as possible
yeah, not a bad call
the game is probably the best time to travel
  +RevertToType yup
love the smell of bread ^_^
Monday!
kellanium!
  +kellanium  yay!
wants to hear a joke
  +Keilana  o/
  +kellanium  ok

girls walk into a bar
girl says to the other girl "Have you heard of the bechdel test?"
the second girl says
my boyfriend was telling me about it"
  +kellanium  *BADUMBtish*
  +Euryale  >.<
  +kellanium  :D
the super bowl done yet
like bowling only the lane is like mini-golf
and a person runs instead of ball rolling?
was thinking ball rolling but sure :p
rounds:p
either that or super bowling will be all about shooting the ball out of a /canon/ at the pins!
sized hamster ball?
  +Euryale  YES!
would play this game!
incline downward
  +Euryale  yes!
pits.
no
on the snake
with spikes
thoughts exactly, good call
I'm bookmarking this as a 101 thing for the menz
favourite day of the week!
DrYucatan
  +DrYucatan  Hey!
friend thinks that capitalism is the best/most practical system because "humans are inherently selfish/greedy" and that capitalism is naturally better at self-sustaining.
should probably read communist/Marxist literature and have a good grasp on the ideology.
doesn't take much to realise "humans are inherently greedy" is a shit argument, though.
regurgitation.
  +Dirigible  Thoughts?
think the #stopactinglikesluts thing is questionable
that made me D:
alone makes it hard for me to think I agree completely with her
think there are good points being made about the difficulty in having a discussion about the effects of porn and sex positivity, though
definitely misplaced blame.
mean obviously that's a problem with liberal feminism
it's misplaced
I think is a pretty normal stepping stone to True Feminist Enlightenment.
roll my eyes at it but I have a hard time blaming people for falling trap to it.
I'm surprised to see a celeb take such a stance
mean, there's a lot of special snowflake-dom among celebrities but I don't think they're usually so critical.
sayings "stop acting like sluts" kinda.. victim blaming?
I think she's a few steps in the direct direction away from most celebs on topics like this
only a few :|
dunno that I'd call it victim blaming.
she's not placing blame on patriarchy, where she should be.
also suck at thinking critically about sex work stuff, so idk if she's fucking up in that regard.
have to see the film to have an idea of that I guess
do think the psychological impact of sex work and sexualization isn't something that is okay to talk about in liberal feminism
how people flip out if you seem vaguely against the mainline sex positive stuff
that specific to liberal feminism?
it's specific to people who aren't feminists, up to and including liberal feminists :P
feel like I've seen it across the board but idk.
SWERF-y stuff in line with liberal feminism or nah?
  +locas  idk
might be a different thing
guess it would depend on their motivation for holding such a position?
of a useless distinction I guess
thoughts on "whorephobic"?
can't say I particularly know if I am anti sex work any more than I am anti work in general
little sex work I've done was not the worst job I've had, but not the best job either
like a concept? I don't think it's particularly illustrative of anything, it just seems like a reactionary label (applied to, probably, reactionary things)
never encountered it before
just seems like an even sillier way to talk about slut shaming, which is already a pretty silly phrase
seen it here and again.
How do you mean you are anti-work?
MUSIC SONG
  +locas  um
against productive relations that require workers to sell their labor to support themselves
almost all work in a modern context is of that nature, so I'm anti-work by default
so you aren't anti-work then, you're anti-current-system-of-how-workers-are-treated
I'd be anti-work even in full communism
I don't think everyone should have to work
some people should, certainly? Farmers, etc
need food
life
are anti-food
you know
  +locas  ^
if you want the internet, you need computer programmers, etc
of things requires workers though
don't know if you think you're telling me something I don't know here or what :P
  +LadyCailin Well
but are you anti-thing too?
  +Dirigible  lol
  +locas  anti-thing?
  +Dirigible  anti-STUFF
really depends, thing is quite a broad category
production of things requires work
guess I might be anti-thing depending on the productive relations that produced thing
really not trying to be snarky
sounds silly though
just feel like "anti-work" as a broad generalization inherently implies "anti-thing" as a broad generalization too
<locas> I'm against productive relations that require workers to sell their labor to support themselves
am seeking to understand your POV
actually a p good explanation
what locas means
so you aren't anti-work then, you're anti-current-system-of-how-workers-are-treated
is that an appropriate summation?
just trying to figure out if I agree with you or not lol)
or less, I guess, but like I said I would still be anti-work to some extent in full communism
in productive relations like we have now, I absolutely am anti-thing as well as anti-work, and I think you're right that one implies the other
that's not to say I don't want the internet or other modern conveniences, just that I'm against commodity fetishism I guess?
Yeah, I mean, I wish people saw "stuff" as less important than "people"
don't think the average person does value stuff over people, it's just that the law of the market does, and that's what determines the arrangement of society
  +LadyCailin Right
not sure that will ever be possible though. Currency is God.
with it will always be more powerful and more well off than those without, no matter what system you put in place initially.
kings were god once too :V
  +LadyCailin heh
an interesting social question, huh? What changed about human nature (or general human knowledge) that made kings passé?
wasn't a change in human nature, surely
not, no
this just a natural equillibrium point then?
Arabia comes to min
  +LadyCailin d
Norway, Britain, etc, those aren't real monarchies.
with more historical knowledge than me would have to answer that question, but my very uneducated guess would be to start reading into enclosure and primitive accumulation
regardless, the next question is, why is currency king now? If it's based on human nature (perhaps greed) then I wonder what it would take to change, if at all possible.
an even more broad and probably gross analysis, I think you could say capital made kings passe
  +LadyCailin #SociologyIsFun
you'd definitely want to look into primitive accumulation to answer that question
reading this now
actually, I guess I should say "wealth" or "capital" rather than "currency" to be more correct.
we should maybe? move this to ##socialism
  +LadyCailin Heh
was kinda musing really, less so looking for a detailed conversation
like armchair discussions like this though
  +Dirigible  lol.
that pastebin I linked yesterday.
somewhat relevant.
it is!
pretty relevant yeah
concern, empathy, and solidarity have little or no usefulness in market economies, so they atrophy."
it's not human nature, but a response to material conditions
material conditions?
literally killing me v_v
  +Dirigible  ._.
just wanna understand, locas.
the material conditions created by markets, ie what kind of productive relations are facilitated and what ones aren't
the effects that those relations have, ie workers having to sell their labor
for explainin'!
thought you were trolling me actually ?_?
STILL THINK YOU MIGHT BE
may have been.
got my eye on you.
you probably think I'm Euryale or anitsirk.
what's it matter?
you probably are
if you're gonna discuss this stuff, gotta make it understandable.
of assuming everyone knows the lingo~
Longest ##feminism troll ever.
why I said we should go to socialism :_:
someone else could do definitions
my ploy didn't work
help people who don't wanna learn I guess.
to get back to the original topic, I don't know if I really see the point in being anti-sex work in a more advanced capacity than I am anti-work
it'd be better to be pro sex workers unions
impossible while sex work itself is illegal in most places :<
impossible, unionization?
  +LadyCailin Yeah
in an effective capacity anyways
don't think illegality and unionization are mutually exclusive
but effective unionization is, I think
can't visibly protest or anything like that
otherwise you get arrested
all sex work is illegal, either
is in Mississippi.
work is illegal in lots of places but the kind of sex work the article dirigible linked is much more broad than just escort work
for instance, is not usually illegal
that's true
is very odd
can't pay to have sex, but you can pay them to have sex while you film it"
there's more to the world than Mississippi~
know, I'm trying to get there :p
are the misandry flags!
HERE
  +Dirigible  :D
MMMMMMIIIIISSSSAAANNNDDDRRYYYYYYY
  +locas  CNT-FAI
mean MISANDRY.
  +Dirigible  wat.
Have you ever heard of the IWW locale 690?
nor have they shied away from forming illegal unions for /legal/ workplaces (for example, the trucker's locale)
Euryale!
Dirigible!
heard I was channeled in my sleep :p
No, I haven't
did mention them up there
not by number
it's the same thing?
  +Euryale  yup
then yes, I have heard of them. lol
as for my opinion on the article that started this whole discussion: I think it's disgusting.
I agree with locas almost 100% on this.
not the sex industry, per se, that exploits women it is the fact that the sex industry is an /industry/
disgusting?
the idea that you're necessarily supposed to be having an erotic experience while producing pornography or servicing a client is... really fucking weird.
least for me
That article you posted.
know, I'm asking what specifically :P
extremely slut-shamy
the conclusion of the article seems to be that 'pornography is bad and harmful to women' and that this is the fault of the women who engage in pornography.
or that there is something fundamentally /wrong/ with pornography.
and while I'm often the first to criticize liberal sex-positivism (literally, I often am), it's still not the fault of sex-work itself. The fault lies squarely in the way that the patriarchy frames sex work.
sure.
isn't there something wrong wtih pornography?
you mean in general or as it is?
fact of the matter is that the patriarchy teaches men that they have a right to do whatever they want with the images of women because they see the image (and by extension the woman) as objects.
they see the picture of the woman as a /thing/ that they can masturbate to under any circumstances, regardless of the wishes of the person the photograph is of
course... this argument is silly.
don't /really/ believe it
they wouldn't treat an erotic photograph of their /sister/ as a sex toy without considering the implications so why do they think they can do this to a stranger?!
I think there's a serious problem with pornography the way it is.
but that's misplacing the blame. To say that there is something fundamentally wrong with pornography because of the way that men treat pornography is like saying there's something wrong with women because of the way that men objectify women.
  +Dirigible  Hmm.
the problem that I have with the 'abolish the sex industry' branch of liberal feminism is that it's a stop-gap measure that /does not address/ the root of the problem and is, in fact, likely to make the problem /worse/.
is good evidence, for example, that access to pornography lowers men's sexual frustration with is /almost certainly a very, very good thing/.
talk about rape culture for a moment...
  +locas  FINE
WIDTH FONT
ONLY WAY
is about entitlement. I'm going to acknowledge that rape-as-terrorism is a /thing/ that some men do specifically to control women and then put that to the side for a moment because I really don't think that this is even close to the majority of sexual assaults...
only way I will ever be able to tell you two apart
the fact of the matter is that the majority of rapes center around a sexually frustrated man who feels /entitled/ to women's bodies.
the fact that the man was experiencing an extremely intense urge to fuck /in any way/ excuse the fact that he just raped a woman? FUCK NO
but here's the thing:
The ways that men relieve themselves /are going to be problematic/ simply by nature of the fact that the patriarchy /is a thing/.
I've been so far as to hear certain liberal feminists complain that masturbation sleeves are 'problematic' because they are a vagina analog.
feel the same way about pornography and ESPECIALLY about non-photographic pornography like stories and drawings.
think the message should not be 'abolish pornography' as it should  be 'fucking use porn responsibly, you asshole!'
everything back to the article: Not only do I find the article to be /fundamentally wrong/ on what it is trying to accomplish but I find it disgusting how it tries to accomplish this goal by leveraging the /exact same problematic shit/ that literally makes pornography problematic /in the first place!/
in conclusion: I feel the feminist goal should be to increase, not decrease a person's access to outlets of consensual eroticism /while demanding/ an increase in responsibility with how men navigate erotic space!
rather than insisting that pornography does not exist we should be insisting that men interact with our likeness with the same respect that we would demand they give our actual bodies :1
responsible porn use look like in patriarchy?
I think a good start is to look closely at the consent of the model.
for example, one should avoid anything that even looks /remotely like/ a selfie.
or taken on a cell phone camera
you know what? /That shit's probably meant for someone's lover, not you/
think another thing is for people to be mindful that their interaction with the model in the picture (assuming it's a professional model) is strictly a  fantasy one
just don't think there's a lot of mindfulness going on when people access porn
what you're talking about is unenforceable, because capitalism (even if it's just venture capital funded sites or even sites supported by google ads) commodifies porn including leaked selfies, and under capitalism workers really never get a say in what happens to the product their labor creates
would it be different for sex workers
what you're saying about responsibility of the user isn't wrong, but I just don't think it's something we can bring about
I'm not saying it is enforceable. It's the responsibility of men to not be pigs /because that is what they should be striving to be/.
sure
that's just a principle
it is a principle
happen to think that principles are extremely important
can advocate for men to be more responsible, but imo that can only have a limited effect. Organizing sex workers unions including porn production seems like a much better way to actually make sure the model's consent is considered in the end product
YES!
do think principles are important, but it's JUST a principle is what I'm saying, it's not really actionable
some second step
maybe think attacking sites that host content that don't follow those standards is a good idea, too
as a tandem action
/absolutely/ need sex workers to organize but I see that more of a labor thing rather than a thing that necessarily addresses the patriarchy itself.
  +Euryale  YES!
I don't see much of a difference between the two in this case
something kyriarchy I guess
sorry... but distributing sexual content that was never meant for public consumption /is rape/
and I think the laws should reflect this
think that when it comes to sexually explicit, photographic material the laws should treat distribution of materials without the consent of the model /like rape/ and not like copyright infringement.
about pornography which caters to the voyeuristic types?
"fake" selfies?
that banished on principle?
and contrtacts that say 'I give consent forevermore' should be /illegal/'
condoned?
my hypothetical it would depend on the union
mean obviously there would be demand for that kind of thing
I think there are ways to do that. Maybe steganographicly watermarking them with a cryptographic signature of the studio that produced them.
how does one know if consent is revoked in a piece of pornography they're uh, consuming
I think on an institutional level the requirement for explicit consent should be on the shoulders of the distributer rather than the consumer.
think the only way consent could be modelled like that is between the performer and the delivery media
between the performer and the end user
the consumer should feel safe signing on to a website and knowing that the models there are comfortable with them masturbating to their pictures, at least on principle.
workers would need to bargain for the ability to provisionally remove all their work from sites
  +Euryale  exactly
should be legally /enforced/
we said the same thing
  +locas  lol
this actually interplays with my views on copyright very oddly.
  +Dirigible  Hmm.
do /not/ believe that you should 'own' the media you produce or have any right to control it but in this case...
assuming this system is assuming we're unable to change the material conditions which make sex work a thing? Or no?
question is not copyright, the question is over people's access to your body.
think as long as work for wages exists, sex work will exist
It is not assuming that. I think that in a post-capitalist economy there will be women who produce erotic material for their own self-empowerment and they should /still/ retain the right to limit access to that material.
I think yeah Dirigible, it basically asummes we're unable or not yet able to change the material conditions that produce sex work
sure but I don't think it could be called work at that point
 fair enough
most likely they would have complete control over its distribution
it would more or less be a non-issue, other than like people duplicating it
when talking about post-capitalist economies I refer to those things that people consciously do to enrich the lives of others as 'work'
this may or may not be problematic, though ;)
guess I usually would call that labor
work is when you sell your labor
that might not be how other people use those words
agreed
like Utah Phillips' distinction between 'work' and 'toil' and that's always been how I've dealt with the distinction.
very, very complex though...
I don't think there are any easy answers
what we have said so far is good
throw in another wrench:
a trans woman one of the main problems I have with trans sex work is that pornography and sex work is literally the /only/ exposure many people have to members of our community.
is simply /not healthy in any way/ for us.
look on the bright side
we have shitty allies making network television shows about us \o/
long term, do you think it's better for that to happen, or the status quo to remain?
what to happen
shitty allies making network television shows about us
it's what happens to every marginalized community; rich white people take over the narrative
don't actually benefit much
agrgeed
think that the shitty network television shows are extremely harmful to our movement
what ways?
you really have to ask?
basically, they do almost /nothing/ to raise the voices of trans people and they, in effect, silence the voices of people like myself
makes you feel that way?
  +Euryale  O.o
are 101 level questions
some research on your own I guess
I still don't think that LGB portrayal in mass media is any good :1
I disagree about that.
where it is, it's written by queer people
  +Euryale  ^
I agree it's mostly shit
is good LadyCailin ?
a mainstream show that heavily features queer stuff that's good
not about it being good per se, it's about it increasing exposure
sorry
don't care about 'exposure'
I do. If we didn't have straight allies, we would be nowhere.
think exposure can make things harder to undo later.
  +locas  ^
perhaps that's true.
have to go around correcting assumptions.
exposure doesn't generate good straight allies
I'm not really interested in accepting any cookies straight people throw our way.
they're generally fucked up cookies.
guess I just value allies more.
I think you are right that every movement needs allies from less marginalized groups, but it only needs a few good ones, not a shit ton of terrible ones
don't want 'awareness' when that awareness simply makes it more difficult for me to actually control the situation because that is /exactly/ what it does. I end up entering into social situations where the cishet asshole I'm talking to thinks they 'know all about' my life even though they're /completely fucknig wrong/.
Well, I think maybe I can agree with that.
me put it this way: Focus on the Family puts a lot of effort into increasing awareness that gay people exist. :1
well, that's true.
I meant well intentioned allies
isn't shit
intent!
what actually happens that matters
want to see intent?
know, I mean that's the group I'm talking about. Not focus on the family.
talking about will & grace
  +LadyCailin etc
check out Autism Speaks. they've got LOTS of intent. They /think they are doing autistic people a favor by advocating eugenics!/
perhaps I'm totally off base, but I think that shows like Queer eye, will & grace and shows like that that helped bring gay people into a relatively positive light are what are helping to drive general acceptance
feel like all this ally shit comes with lots of strings attached too.
  +Dirigible  lol
ok.
there's a huge difference between bringing queer people into a positive light and /fetishizing queer people in mass media/.
god yes... it /does/ come with strings!
could there have been better? Certainly. But I just think that long term it is what jump started general acceptance.
  +Euryale  NO!
sorry... I'm /sick/ of my community being /fetishized/
am too
not defending them, btw, I'm just saying that long term I think that does help.
would prefer good shows
know what? it's cards on the table time: the level at which your community is fetishized /does not fundamentally get in the way of your ability to literally be you in the same way that it does for me/.
can totally accept that
those shows just another way to present what we already see in droves: rich white dudes
a lot of overlap between LGB + T communities, but there's a lot (probably more) in which the communities don't overlap.
soem reason this argument is reminding me of people being so glad to see Lucia Ronzulli bring her baby to parliament.
caring about what she represents.
guess just liberalism.
/do not/ try to talk to me about alphabet soup because I will shoot you down in /flames/. The 'LGBT community' is a lie, plain and simple.
about the only place the communities /actually/ overlap is in the fact that there are queer trans people.
also a lesbian
love when allies conversation pings my phone :D
would never insult you so much as to call you an 'ally', alialliallie
should be a thing though.
quit being such an ally."
MY GOD YES!
do it, Euryale.
make it a thing.
PLEASE! <3
#notallallies ;)
Keilana :3
ali3)
it's only the phone, if I'm active on not-phone it's fine
isn't smart enough to word-match it just substrings
alter-ego is a mod of r/allies on reddit go figure
  +Dirigible  LOL
Tell me that's a pun and it's actually about motorsports or something!
zoom! rally car racing!
  +Dirigible  lol
It's not actually run by allies.
  +Euryale  ;)
  +Euryale  eeeehehehe...
totally misandry monday
  +LadyCailin Hahaha
freakin awesome
lesbians
superlesbians
like the decoy :p
  +cirvinfox  lol
pondered building a robot like that once
it looked a lot more like foxy from FNAF
  +cirvinfox  hmmm
tear powered robot..
suppose if you put in a proper butthurt filter, it could work
want it clogging up the works 'n all
man tears contain enormous reserves of potential energy!
could infiltrate Exxon-Mobil from the inside-out and replace all the executives with radical cool socialist feminists and convert all the oil facilities into factories for harvesting male tears!
energy dense.. but sometimes the butthurt cocks things up a bit
tears: butthurt distillate
is it that every time a non-white does something the headline always states their race but when a white person does something they're always like 'florida man'
man, florida man, doing whatever a florida can!~
  +Dirigible  lirl
apparently he is really awful to queer people?
you, florida man
people suck.
true :<
think the Friend-Zone is like the Twilight Zone
it's a place where impossible things can happen
like MRAs actually finding a woman who wants them :1
god
NOT THE ZONE! NOOOOO
all at his expense
but instead of Sailor Moon it's Sailor Goon
  +Carlexi  lol
  +epi  loool
beard gets even goonier i think
always regret reading gender topic'd article threads on slashdot
people are going crazy about this dude who walks 21 miles a day to work and he received a shit load of donations
if there aren't many many more people who maybe don't have anywhere to walk to
culture only donates to the people they deem worthy
frustrating
  +GorillaWarfare Ahhhh
who make fun of trigger warnings
fuck that.
rather have too many trigger warnings than not have one that one time
that make fun of that have clearly never been triggered, else they would be singing a totally different song
Indeed. Plus like... what's it to them if there are TWs
nothing. They will be totally fine one way or the other.
this
does it hurt to provide trigger warnings?
menz
to emmeka, you're holding others ~responsible~ for your coping
do you think it's really not possible to overkill?
but is overkill really that bad?
What's the consequence of it?
every subject could trigger someone
  +LadyCailin Possibly
but some things more than others.
more of a 'content warning' verbiage person for a lot of things)
doesn't get enough use, imo.
definitely in favor of adding them where it makes sense)
TW /is/ applied incorrectly a lot.
to me that it’s just, like… try to be considerate when discussing something that people might find upsetting/uncomfortable.
I don't think "overkill" is realistic.
on cw vs tw btw)
I don't with we're talking about "Trigger Warning: Pink Fluffy Unicorns" here, we're talking about "Trigger Warning: Depiction of Rape"
  +GorillaWarfare kirjatoukka++
well yeah that's obvious
would you put a warning on everything you do that mentions your mom?
don't think that's realistic.
been legit affected by people discussing their moms.
tumblr I've seen a really nice community of people covering random triggers for others.
then, wouldn't you appreciate it if they did put trigger warnings for "moms" then?
tagging their posts.
not asking for that, it's my thing to deal with)
yeah tagging is pretty cool
it DOES cover all kinds of stuff that goes beyond what you would expect.
don't think that's possible for normal media.
on Tumblr, if I know someone follows me who is triggered by something, I'll add a tag even if it's an unusual trigger
agree that me not putting a "moms" TW is reasonable for me to do, but it's also not unreasonable for me to do so.
think the "if I know" is kind of key
for my blog and stuff, I can't really tag something for everyone because I don't know as easily who's reading
dunno I'm all for it but I think it's def possible to go overboard, and in some mediums it's just not feasible. (Looking at you twitter)
not a situation where overboard is bad.
that it's more feasible for some mediums than others
dilution? Maybe that's the concept I need.
don't think it's unreasonable for you to ask, where you can, for people to tag momtalk.
you can being like, tumblr, I guess.
But how do you decide which tags are diluting others?
don't have an answer to that.
except for CW/TW separation.
former being more "oh by the way" the second being "this is an actual PTSD trigger"
one anti-TW argument really irks me though, where it's all "well if you keep seeing you will be eventually fixed! exposure therapy!!!:
that
god, no
will undergo exposure therapy on my own terms tyvm
literally advocating forcing unwanted therapy on people noooo
they love to give the white actors awards for the black struggle movies. ally points yyaaayyyy
measles outbreak
one
about by people not getting vaccinated
  +Dirigible  ohhhhh
in one of the disney parks, snowballed into some sort of epidemic through southern california
words: Fuck Anti-Vaxxers
and now that I'v started my day in such a cheery fashion: morning everyone! <3

hoi
Euryale
hello!

  +Keilana  morning!
ragey too!
  +Dirigible  ouch
are you rage-y about Keilana?
  +Keilana  anti-vaxxers
yeah
never really looked into the arguments until like last year and was just absolutely dumbfounded at the anti-vax angle
  +RevertToType like
  +RevertToType wuht?!
  +Keilana  *hsssssssssss*
you vaccinate your child they MIGHT TURN OUT LIKE ME!
just DON’T GET IT
like the fear of a spectrum disorder vs DEATH
you are literally saying you would rather have a dead child vs an autistic child
anti-vaxxers are terribl
indeedly doo
Yeah... but at least they weren't autistic babies. That would have been really sad :1
it's this odd "ignorant as i want to be so don't tell me what to do" mentality that i just cannot wrap my head around
is great
a face
  +Keilana  agreed
walk home but we can raeg more later
comic is awesome
is one of those things where /you cannot be my friend if you are this/
  +cirvinfox  yeap
have very few hard-and-fast rules like that
Anti-Vaxxer: Congratulations! You're literally in the same category in my mind as /neo-nazis/!
  +Euryale  whee!
enjoy Euryale's thoughts & conversations here
you, flattery will get you everywhere :p
agreed with a lot of your pr0n discussion yesterday....
good! I  feel rather strongly about sex work so I kinda monologued.
"unset" be preferable terminology?
okay
"voice removal" is sort of horrifying to think about
you trade it to the sea-witch for legs..... wait... nope, that's still messed up
  +Dirigible  lol
would you leave the sea anyway
are cool
that's where the princes are.... duh
a selling point?
  +RevertToType hrm
mean option between princes or sharks, i'm gonna choose sharks every damn time
I got that "thingamabobs? I got twenty... but so what? no big deal, I want mooooore!" song in my head
  +Dirigible  lol
libertarians
they do now?
all libertariany...?
you can just say "ugh libertarians" and have it be justified
but i wanna knwo whats goign on
  eegor ^
still exist thats whats going on
  +Dirigible  ^
supporting everything that's horrible in current systems while complaining they're forced to pay taxes
taxes that pay for the system to be horrible :/
generalization: if you can afford to oppress people, you should, because it's a good business decision and capitalism is the best system we've got
love the term anarcho capitalist
it's like "erm... no."
like that annoy me
Eeew! Really?! BACK OFF CREEP!
don't think he admires you much
just thought you were a fascist
of misandry mondays
  +RevertToType lolz
there's a /lot/ of those :1
friends all the time :v
day i'll end up playing a show and they'll be on the bill
quote from the one who weekly talks about wanting to knife the "taxman": "People likes having a heirarchy. Dennying that shows a lack of understanding of human nature."
be like "lolz, you got snitty cause feminists didn't want to placate to your need to be heard over women lolz!"
people like being /on top of/ the heirarchy...
problem with being a cis-white male: having to deal with other cis-white males :(
just assume I'm one of them.......
used to work at this place, all white dudes; they were afraid of the company hiring HR or a woman, coz then they'd have to act decent... the whole place was such a shambles choosing your battles eventually turned into ignore everybody and walk out when they became too much to handle
worst one was this guy, a real "ladies man" that couldn't hold a relationship for more than a week, that would throw temper tantrums and kick things when he didn't get his way
a gentleman
sure the ladies swooned in his arms
but only for a week
they knew too much
  +cirvinfox  wow...
all you beautiful people!
void
are you
I'm happy! Are you?
have delicious coffee.
coffee is good
yirgacheffe edido beans. :)
found myself getting addicted to Folger's black silk. Some of the best dark coffee I've had.
got a new canister for my work-coffee.
always thought Folger's was instant!
don't have it over here in Australia from what I can tell.
think it is both? I dunno anyone that drinks it but then, Portland coffee goblins.
love our single origin beans over here.
grind my own beans, none of the Keurig stuff for me.
that, or preground if I'm lazy.
don't think I have the patience for that at work. At home I maybe would.
stroll downstairs to my favourite baristas at work. :)
goblins"
  +GorillaWarfare hehe
  Punkmomma Hi
Punkmomma!
  void|work Welcome!
to chatting havent chatted in like eight years lol
FASTER I AM CURIOUS
are we talking about today ?
are the worst.
have anythng about bruce jenner?
zetkin
god these emails
wow that post.
this is a quiet room
blows my mind how some people behave.
yeah
pretty crazy
and yet i'm not surprised
a bit
happen to be a caring and thoughtful man"
he's a nice guy
am so confused
HAVE YOU KNOW
Nice Guy.
ONCE TIPPED THE COFFEE GIRL
love my mother so I can't be a misogynist
he is literally "no u"ing
  +Dirigible  omg
learning coding lol
  +Dirigible  ommmmmmmmmmgggggggggggggggggg
mansplaining
more exciting than this chat room so far
What are you coding?
are you seriously trying to neg a feminist channel?
doing begginer work right now
learning the basics
think you mean nag
no
I mean neg.
does one neg?
Leave it to a stupid woman not to know how to neg ;)
sure you have the googles.
by the way... welcome to the channel :3
lol
this guy reminds me of the socialist equality party folks
light insult wrapped in the package of a complement. Used by pick-up artists to gain and maintain the attention of women who possess uncommon beauty (9+). These women are immune to standard complements.
ewww
complements.
were all like "we're providing a 'principled defense' of the 'democratic rights' of rapists like DSK"
complement beautiful people quite well.
  +Dirigible  lol
  +Dirigible  void
silly
uuuuuuuuuugh
by democratic rights they mean freedom from people thinking poorly of them because they're rapists
obviously the head of the IMF is under attack for political reasons by the capitalists
any good socialist should defend him from the woman who's clearly lying for the bourgeosiie
  +Dirigible  uuuughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
only response i have the energy for
you suppose thats why the men keep sticking around this channel? They seem to really like us... is it because we make them feel insecure?
I think its more that in general men feel that they have something to add
a conversation
  +Dirigible  lol
matter whether they do or not
I'm a man and /I matter/.
  +Dirigible  ~~~
also seem to think 3 paragraphs of them agreeing with shit we say is something to add.
You are?! We should revoke your credentials immediately! How could you keep this facade going for so long?!
  +Dirigible  lolol
Dirigible you're a catfish
girls
you considered
maybe you're wrong
  +Dirigible  jw.
Yes! I have! I came to the conclusion that I'm not! Isn't that cool?!
mean it's possible that despite having examined the aforementioned issue for much of your life
maybe you didn't consider this one other thing
happens to completely let men off the hook
if male privilege is a state of mind?
  +zetkin :o
huMAN nature
they call it HIStory for a reason after all
  +Dirigible  ach
  +Dirigible  flashbacks
might start using herstory
to annoy mras
materialism
when i started talking to a history major about man history
  +Dirigible  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
  +Dirigible  nooooo
hopefully you can get over the ptsd
pst
ARE THE WORST
  +zetkin past*
no men are the wurst
ol sausages
  +Dirigible  >_>
would really love to see one of the crybabies go at it with a feminist chatbot
I was just pouring myself a drink and thinking the /exact same thing/
secretly you
  +Euryale  *gasps*
  +Dirigible  shh
tell you
won't! It's a secret!
GOD I CAN SEE THE SCREEN!
I vaguely recall that happening on twitter between chatbots and gaters.
shit shit! Dirigible, what should we do about me?!
YEAH
KNEW I SAW IT SOMEWHERE VOID
yeah... I remember that!
yeah, i'm you
  +Euryale  wooooooooah
  +Dirigible  omfg.
miss anti-racist dog twitter :(
i bet if you searched for "but" and "men" and "?", then you had a bunch of stock replies, you could make a pretty good bot
is unreal
all this bot is doing is saying "tell me more"
MEN EAT IT UP
god oh god
thought Valarie Solanas already solved the 'what about the men?!' question...
so confused... have there been new developments?!
hope the solution is to put them in a giant cannon and shoot them at mars
We tried that but it simply turned them into a fine mist. The project had to be scrapped due to concerns about air polution.
  +Dirigible  lolll
read that as put them in a giant condom
  +zetkin >.>
  +Dirigible  LOL
love it when the MRAs can't actually tell that SCUM Manifesto was a fucking joke :1
I hope :p
  +zetkin well
think it was semi-serious
yeah... /this/ is semi-serious
  +zetkin haha
expressing very real frustration with men through ludicrous hyperbole
or at least that's what we tell /them/
I just finished reading that link you sent. Good god...
actually switched workstations when he got to 'bitchiness'
and then wen't back
  +zetkin :(
all I could think of was Honeycutt from M.A.S.H. :p
Keilana :3
Euryale n_n
posted that comic yesterday?
the men were invading the women's space
one of the girls was like "oh crap! I forgot to turn the bot on!"
the bot was just responding with "THAT IS VERY INTERESTING PLEASE TELL ME MORE"
that's just what men want
thought we knew that much
nothing that the feminist movement wants hurts men
maybe they just want someone to complain to
  +Dirigible  ehhhhhhh
that would solve that
  +LadyCailin Sorry
men more than women
them in an unfair way
I posted that comic yesterday.
that one
from YOU?!
Who are you and what have you done to Keilana?!
read it Euryale ;)
tells me you should click it
is correct
  +Euryale  oooh!
  +alialliallie ~buzzfeed~
got tired of saying "I know, buzzfeed" everytime I linked a buzzfeed article.
sure it goes without saying now.
know, buzzfeed :P
it’s good
wrong in vaccining our kids?
Nothing! It's absolutely mandatory!
the article was snarky.
curious is: If pablo__ thought the link was a serious one, the link would've had the answer to the exact question they asked :P So why ask before checking the link out?
'cuz clicking on random links in IRC is not necessarily good internet hygiene?
blame him :p
i readed it
still
can't understand why people are still against it
  +Euryale  OOOH!
~Because AUTISM!~
oh right, you've got a point there
should be read in the whiniest voice possible, by the way)
yes, but parents who are blaming vaccines because their children aren't so smart are very stupid
no, my son is 4 yo and he doesn't still play concerts like Chopin"
autism"
it's kinda gross, tbqh
the whole 'autism mom' crowd is pretty gross
I got the other end of the stick. I got the mother who thoroughly fetishized the whole affair.
morning
  pablo__ hi
tachikoma
with people not vaccinating? like seriously, it's not an individual's choice. they're fucking it up for everyone else too! herd immunity, people! -_-
thank you dotty23, great link
to Cenk Uygur there
think he's an emotional idiot.
seen him do these "interviews" before. he did one with sam harris and he bombed on that.
he's still right, there
not a great debater, but still right :P
was really stupid though, what that girl was saying.
does it say about society that a man is standing up for women's right and a woman is standing up for 'men's rights'?
false consciousness exists?
really like the topic
do believe that father rights could be absorbed into feminism.
wish that we could do away with men completely.  do you think in 10,000 years they'll be irrelevant and extinct?
sure if that will not be true for all humans after that period of time. I'd rather have them evolved in something else though ...
it’s occasionally pointed out that most of the genuine issues MRAs raise are actually problems with patriarchy, and thus problems that feminism should solve.
think so too, but there isn't a lot of vocal support for father rights within feminist organisations. NOW doesn't really support father rights.
should have any rights at all
not their child.  they just provided the seed you need to breed
indeed
Well why should a feminist organisation have vocal support for men's rights? Sure, acknowledge them where due, but a feminist organization obviously should be about women's rights
dont think the articulation of specifically father's or men's rights in general is compatible or should be compatible with feminism
agreed. feminism will make things better for men, but that doesn’t mean that should be the priority.
can have their own rights movements that isn't based on hatred and misinformation like MRA are :P That would be a decent start
understanding is that women rights are a fundamental issue while things like fathers rights are more a specific issue?
they shouldn't oppose them either when said changes would create more equality between the sexes.
just support feminisim first and see how much of men's own problems that would already solve
  shnoel  a
yeah exactly :)
well its not like much of feminism, or at lest my feminism, is interested in formal equality before the law, but in what sense do u think men are currently unequal to women that they would need particular rights?
reforms are being made, why not make them such that they create a better and equal society? and father rights would fall under that.
you think the legislation is unfair, though?
u quit so idk if u saw what i wrote or responded to it
which country are you talking when speaking about laws?
tinystoat
at least here in germany i have no impression of laws being in favour of mother or father - do you have concrete examples?
do you live, tinystoat?
are still beaten by their men with impunity, get harrassed at work with impunity, the gamergate thing shows a lot of impunity when it comes to life threats upon the women who are targeted, and there are a plethora of other ubiquitous examples of lack of influence by feminists so i'd like for you to explain what you mean by this 'so much' of influence in legislature.
san francisco.
i'm not sure why you think that matters :)
worldwide isn't it so where is this 'so much' of influence in whose legislature on what planet?
in the united states, if a husband beats his wife and the wife reports it to the authorities, there are no laws that protect her? in corporations women can be harassed without consequences?
you don't bother to read what women have said of their experiences?
you're starting down a road that is going to fail in a conversation.
those are both points completely refuted in a massive amount of online literature, I don't see the point reiterating the same stuff here
do. but you're downplaying the role of women who've fought very hard to change the legislature to give these rights to women
if you discount what women say they have experienced, as apologists and misogynists tend to do, you're only here to troll.
no i'm not i'm saying there's no real difference when the exact same shit is happening.
neither an apologist, nor a misogynist. i am a woman in pakistan and i run an ngo that helps women in need.
pretty quick to label someone trying to have a conversation, what does that say about you?
i'm getting a vibe from you. :)
we've talked for like one minute?
a law that is not enforced does not really help, does it? And in companies that are dominated by men - well - yes - harrasment is happening and your boss does not give a ...
you never produced any of the examples i asked you for.
failing here.
are these amazing gains?
yes, you can sue and you can fight but it will take your energy and you will be looked at like the one doing the bad thing
that doesn't happen?
the exception that proves the rule?
it does not happen enough.
one example against the plethora of others that say and show the exact opposite?
again you're failing here.
the more you fail and the more you press this issue the more suspicious you become to me and to others.
an exception, how many firings would you like to see before you concede that women have some protection in the working place?
troll.  i'm done and leave it to whoever can be bothered to waste time with you.
  dotty23 lol
anyone with a dissenting opinion is a troll?
reasonable.
anybody arguing that no gains have been made, though?
that person on ignore
worth the effort.
not at all.
were arguing that “reforms are being made” and that they’re not fair (to men). do you have any evidence that any feminist reforms that have been made are unfair to men?
a second.
there, Ulrike:)
dotty23!
good hello to you.
Ulrike :) I have to get back to work but wich you a great day ;)
  tachikoma wish
thanks, tachikoma! You too! Hi, tinystoat! Hehe
never say time of day anymore. :D
indeed i've even been trying ti be a bit more creative with the greetings. ouch typos, must mean i'm up too late again.
I accidentally fell asleep while webcamming <.< That happens wayyyy too much lol
done that on skype a few times myself.
haha there are some interesting photos of me having done the same and i'm embarrassed to day one with drool. :D
screenshots
gosh, I remember when I went to visit my ex girlfriend down in Florida. I accidentally fell asleep with my head on her arm and totally drooled on her :\ I was sooooo embarrassed
little love drool never killed anyone.
clearly it wasn't love since she left me a month later xD
oh yes or how about the classic pillow drool from being trained by headgear having braces?
ouch meh
miss her a lot though :\ Definitely the best relationship I've ever had :\
oh that's rotten. i'm sorry to hear that. :(
:\ I wasn't in the best place at that time
made me really difficult to deal with
yes, i hear you. been there done that, got the therapy. i was lucky, my schrink let me go into deep debt so i could sort my head out.
thing that got sorted very quickly was her helping me with bipolar crap.
My problem was through much of the relationship I was in a sort of transitional period. Basically my hormone levels were all out of whack and didn't get evened out until after we broke up
you Life Timing!  Always at the wrong times.
  +Ulrike Yeah...
really worried about her now tbh :\ She's dating a guy now and he really doesn't care about her at all IMO and encourages her to do drugs and other unhealthy stuff :\
sorry you had to go through that. are you still in contact with her?
really, dotty23
not really on talking terms because I was really bad at that time
trans and my hormones were all out of whack so I was really bad. Like my estrogen levels were really low at that time and apparently combining low testosterone levels with low estrogen levels in me makes for one really bitchy and constantly depressed me.
crap. i just found out that my best mate was also abused by a druggy guy. gave her some serious ptsd from all the crackheady abuse. i'm glad it's over and he happened to die 6 months after she finally dumped him. such a relief because he made her life hell. i hope your gal can recover her soul quickly and get out of there.
read some laws somewhere i can't really recall right now, but i'll definitely try to look for them right now. juggling a few things.
wow i can't imagine how awful that must have been for you.
not really abusive as far as I know, tinystoat, he just doesn't care at all about her well being
yeah, that's pretty abusive already. i'll try some useless prayer and and hope she finds she can do better, quickly.
really who ENCOURAGES someone to use drugs and do dangerous stuff? I mean when I was with her she constantly talked about wanting to try drugs (she had a drug problem before me) but I tried to convince her not to do them because I didn't want to see her hurt herself...
ah so it's a pretty deep issue there. :/
kind of drugs is she taking?
much anything she can get her hands on, dotty23 :\ Before her and I got together I remember her saying she had taken speed and a bunch of other crap like that for a while (she was with a guy that ALSO encouraged her to do drugs before me)
really can't remember all of the drugs she mentioned experimenting with with him, though
i hope she's not addicted to any of the hard stuff.
dotty23, like I said we haven't really kept in contact. She really doesn't like me :\
idk, I'm worried she's going to get into hard stuff all the time :\
maybe you can say hi to her see what's up
talked to her a few days ago after going like 3 months without talking to her, dotty23
seemed really spaced out and told me she had been tripping the night before
can you do to help her?
watching somebody you care about destroy themselves is painful but there isn't much you can do until they choose to do otherwise. the biggest thing it to not let your grief and worry consume you.
i'm sad to say that's been a common thing for a long time. :/
really, dotty23, and I mean it's not really my right to tell her what she can and can't do with her life... If she wants to be with a guy that encourages her to waste her life away on drugs I mean I really can't do anything about it :\
to the quran, wives have a duty to serve their husbands.
yeah, it really is tinystoat. I mean we broke up 4 months ago now and I honestly still love her
it's good that you care, but she's an adult. i guess you can work on moving on, and finding happiness in your life.
kinda in a similar boat as you are. i broke up with someone after being with them for 5 years
don't remember when germany recognised marital rape, i think it was relatively late. but this is quite a step back if it becomes accepted. i assume it's a relatively fringe thing.
should try to move on but idk :\ I'm always going to worry about her
maybe let her know that if she needs you, you'll be there for her as a friend.
yeah that is the all consuming hellfire: grief over the loss of love. that's what got me straight into therapy when me and a long time partner broke up in 1995. i actually didn't date for 5 years and did some serious therapy because i knew that i'd keep having the same issues with people until i got my head sorted.
just carry on with your life, maybe if she needs you, she'll come to you.
the most you can do, i guess.
but even if she needed me I don't think she'd come to me. :\ She's pretty thick headed
well there's the state laws and religious law. all abrahamic laws state women are chattel and have to serve their men. so it's really a thing that will matter if a muslim women goes to court over such an issue if she's not into submitting to that sort of thing.
so it's not really a matter of the state going backwards this is just an imam restating what is a belief for himself and how he interprets the qur'an.
then there's not much the state can do unless it goes full american and starts passing anti-shari'ah laws.
the problem is the effect it can have on people.
there was a very strange case in germany where a court said a german woman who married a moroccan should expect to be treated according to those norms etc
yep, fully aware of that one. this is where it gets pretty dodgy. like the example you provided. i mean it wasn't all that long ago (1992) when the so-called modern england finally passed laws saying husbands couldn't rape their wives. pretty depressing. such patriarchy. typical.
i do kind of wonder how much attention this would have gotten if it wasn’t a muslim saying it.
states are deceptive.
well christians say it all the time in america. good point.
of course it is not easy for any female to fight the religious laws as that would result in hostility from her family, there have been cases of families killing daughters in germany because they did not live by the religous rules forces on them. the german word for this is "Ehrenmord" ... :(
yep. i once hid a pakistani friend of mine from her family-in-law because they were incredibly abusive and she wanted to escape them and had to hide until she could move to a place they couldn't find her or else... well, probably death really.
was a pretty depressing situation. i haven't heard from her since and worry like mad thinking about it.
I’d be unsurprised to hear it from conservatives here in the UK (who tend not to be overtly Christian, though they’re probably Anglican or something).
at least in germany it would have gotten the same attention when said by a christian priest i think. Especially if he would have been catholic
yes, i find english politicians are pretty toned down in comparison. :)
many child abuse cases here for the media to ignore any family related statements by the catholic church atm
cases in relation to catholic priests i mean
yeah that's pretty much what it's all about isn't it? what the media _will_ pay attention to because it _can't_ be ignored.  ridiculous
well - maybe that is just what i hope to happen ...
hate this irc client i can never get underscores properly. :D
i fully agree, i just state the current - ugly - situeation
oh yes i don't mean to detract in any way. :))
oh it's horrible, it is so ugly and the sad thing is it's both sides of the pond. it's painful.
a look at 'andy's' friend that 'investor' who is currently in jail. (andy the prince)
yeah
sorts of big time americans flew on that guy's plane like bill clinton!
mean gah....
york.
having been abused by my step father who was a serial rapist and molestor i know when there is one that comes to light there are many many others that have not.
bill cosby but he's another matter as he's not a politician. just somebody famous who wormed his way into people's minds through various kid/family-friendly tropes.
oh, that horrible stuff about britan, I really felt sick after reading only one short article accumulating most of that story
exactly yeah and uhm who's that bloke? jeffrey epstein.
was not surprised about the bbc being involved and jimmy saville always gave me the creeps.
  tinystoat wanker.
no, i mean the recent stuff, about special branch protecting child molestors in high positions, cia and kgb konowing and creating dossiers on them and the only thing that semmed to be on everybodies mind was on how to cover everything up...
muslims have to deal with that.
why i have no time for somebody like dotty23 talking rubbish about 'so much legislature' being changed to benefit women because of feminists when even up to this very second there is everything proving this completely untrue.
yeah that was part of what i mentioned with the bbc. it included politicians and military and police and everybody.
talk a lot about reforms in islam to make it more compatible with the 21st century and making relatively fair to women
it's sure as heck not going anywhere, so rather than outlawing it, we're trying to create reforms within the islamic framework for a better society.
here we go again, more anti-muslim talk.
yeah it's a derailing tactic.
i don;t get is that nobody seems to see that there is a modern islam which does pretty much ignore those archaic rules
focus on the scary brown people who do all these bad things and ignore the fact that everyone else is doing the same things.
indeed.
exactly and kirjatoukka exactly
overlook the fact that senior british politicians and royalty are child abusers because OMG MUSLIMS
  tinystoat FOREIGNERS!!!
it's tiresome as all get out.
a group of people not educated enough so they become easy targets for being manipulated by wankers at the top.
have some neighbors being muslim and they tell me storeis when we meet on the bus - disgusting. Like she walked with her kids along a street nearby when a car stopped, lowering the window like he wanted to ask for directions. Once she approached the car she was insultet in the worst imaginable ways and called a terrorist and whatnot.
from a muslim family.
a muslim country.
brown.
sure if anyone here realized this pegida moevement here in germany but that really makes me afraid of what could grow out of that ...
actually talked with my wife about us getting self defense tools like pepper spray ...
islam doesn't really ignore these rules.
the most hilarious thing. i've had chats with some seriously hateful folks and it's always the same schtick of them talking rubbish because they're not educated enough and they're incredibly pliant and ready for manipulation to help the parasites on top. i've asked them why they allow themselves to be divided and conquered after describing this scenario and not one of the people i've asked that
my country, religion is regularly used to oppress and abuse women.
if it's not handled well then yes pegida is going to take hole. one of the biggest problems is this austerity.
nobody said that islam is not still used to oppress.
the people behind it scare me most tbh. Imho they are just plain fascists
take much to see that but there are studies regarding this sort of thing.
to now the far right was to stupid to get anything going, but these folks know how to design and manage a movement
well some are and some are just people who get caught up in it sort of like how women become victims in physically abusive relationships. i've had a chance to speak with a lot of these scary folks and had some interesting stories about their experiences.
there some charity that helps people get out of organisations like that?
well my question is where is the funding for this sort of thing coming from? i think the romans had it right with 'follow the money'
it's like drug abuse, only if they want it.
actually scares me is the whole development over the lets say last 10 years...
well, of course, some people want to stay, others don’t.
changes their behaviour unless they want it whether it's drugs or bad relationships or whatever.
recall a thing they did where they handed out tshirts at a neo-nazi concert, which when you washed them showed contact information for the charity.
it comes from well known far right organisations that do work for quite some time on projects to make their agenda compatible to the average joe so to say
so it wasn’t obvious until later that people were getting this information on how to get out)
with "against islamism of europe" they seem to have hit the jackpot
yes, “britain first” seems to be taking the same tactic.
yeah islam became the new 'cold war' after the ussr fell but i don't think it's that simple an explanation considering folks like the koch brothers have been secretly funding the batshit crazy in america.  i think there's the same thing happening in europe with somebody.
of history
koch brothers have done a fabulous job infiltrating journalism and science and universities with their sneaky plans and it's all coming to fruition in the last decade.
ideology extends way beyond those fellas, unfortunately
hello
oh ofcourse it does but they've been awfully good with their bucks at getting what they want out of it.
also hello! :)
but then - when you listen to people being interviewed on those demonstrations - its very clear that "against islamism" is just the common denominator behind which you find so much more fucked up opinions. Most people there clearly state that they do not want any foreigners coming here ...
  Frusciante  yes
the catalyst for allowing more historically abhorrent views to be aired publicly again
yeah that's what they said about gamergate: Oh my gosh it's the ethics! Thgink of the childrens!
the goal of that movement is not restricted to foreigners but it's the whole hardcore conservative agenda
the surface and you find what it's really about and it's really about some elite bourgeois manipulating the masses for their own gains yet again.
women back into the kitchen, men go to work and so on. "the good old times where everything was so much better"
we've become sufficiently divorced from any disasters that can be linked directly to reactionary stuff like this
exactly, but with an horrible impact on society if they get their power
same shit eh? :)
  tachikoma yeah
i know is that now it's so bad the world over there's no place to run to anymore unless you can get off the grid and live a very different life.
the "forward through traditionalism" thing always comes into popularity with radical shifts in society, like the globalization that's been happening in the last few decads
  Frusciante  decades*
all so used to growing up in a rat's maze we are pretty domesticated at this point. turn off the water and stop the food shipments nad people will lose it.
moon seems nice to me occasionaly ....
haha yeah too bad it's lacking in air and water. meh
have such a beautiful planet.
would love to see people stop being such nasty fuckers and get on with appreciating this small blue planet.
  Frusciante  (us)
:D
dear, i shouldn't be carving at XX hour in the morning. i just showered myself with a bunch of wood shavings.
somewhat reassuring to know Earth will survive long after we do
I'm not sure what's going to happen to global society at the rate we're going w/r/t consumption and sustainability
i just wish the few of us who weren't interested in being part of the downfall could be left alone.
yeah
depresses me to think of the potentiality of humans and then look at where we are with this
a lot of ways it's ridiculous
hardly out of the trees with the kind of behaviours we display. agreed.
tbh i do not feel that depressed about it on a global level, I kind of hope the planet is a bit 'stronger' than our species. And then there are quite a lot humans that are not ignorant on all levels ...
mostly a scope problem for me. I just look at it as people are on the whole absurdly lucky, and we've kind of taught ourselves that luck is the norm
a massive quantity of fuel right under our feet, running rivers we can drink from, clean air, etc
many people think it's endless and will always be
thought of it that way and i can agree immediately upon reading that.
I'm also sad, because in my eyes it's not about if the planet will survive or not... The planet will always "survive", but I'll be really sad if we killed off millions of species and most of the oceans before that :) All that beauty and diversity, lost permanently
  Frusciante  yeah
optimism comes in the form of thinking that maybe a few million years down the road, life will spring up all over again
that even our stupidity will be erased
yep good bloody point.
hey maybe the earth will just continue on as a giant poisoned graveyard rock until the end of the universe after we die
option is possible
  speak Hahah
used to be this amazing wall painting on Cole St. in San Francisco called the Evolution Rainbow that covered this sort of thing.
  Frusciante  :P
dust to creatures to cities to hellish life back to dust and restarting.
that's what i believe will happen to be honest (the graveyard with much poison) but i'm finite so i hope my finite ass is wrong. :D
  Frusciante  haha
home on the range.....
so far I've got some plans and I've got this far in my life and crossed a few things off the list so I hope I can fix things and cross the rest off well before I'm dead!
say there's enough time for a rebound, but the next epoch of life might not get a giant ball of high-energy fossil fuel under their feet like we did
they do though, maybe they won't make the same mistakes!
indeed, hopefully they're a damn sight smarter.
only hope is that someday I will become biofuel
i think that's going to become part of my cult beliefs. reincarnate as biofuel. i hope you don't mind me nicking that.
it, us Popes gotta stick together
  tinystoat :D
you!
just need to bother to get the site up.
been so lazy.
me know, I'll add it to my list: derkirche.blinkenshell.org/links.html
wanna copypasta them, they re-arrange every time you load the page, or look at another page...... for the aesthetic
some great links here.
clever will do - i like this!
:3
want to reincarnate as a cock
i can purposely never get hard, and teach that man a lesson
  tinystoat hahahaha
i woke the neighbours with that cackling.
sods.
i really should get some sleep. thank you everyone for some good chat. brain feels better. catch you later!
  derkirche (－‸ლ)
Paul is scary
y'all!
vaccinate.... your.... kids..... wtf.
of materials that are noxious, extremely annoying, or cause discomfort should be offered to UPS only in an acceptable "stench" package as described in this guide."
we make men available only in "stench" packaging?
surprised they take them at all :1
wonder what qualifies as "extremely annoying"
the end of the day? Literally everything.
saddens me how borderline not satire this is
what blows me away now is that most of the batshit insane things going on would have been some sort of satirical sketch a decade and a half ago.
what?
question I'm so overwhelmed with the FAIL™ it's become normalised let me think about this for a moment.
like trying to investigate women who miscarry for murder
that's fucking insane
I wanted to know what a stoat was, much less a tinystoat
posted on reddit's social engineering board a Kids In The Hall sketch where a feminist (and other stereotypes) were upset by an art classes nude model claiming it's what culture is like today
  +Keilana  STOATS
yes exactly. god i'm so sorry i can't think of any examples because i'm literally normalised to it but just the fact that people actually gave somebody like 'sarah palin' a chance after all the bush gobbledygook which was mocked to heck way back.
haha yes there are stoats about!
  +Keilana  omgyes
but was the criticism of bush genuinely widespread or just limited to a liberal/left echo chamber?
that is fantastic.
It's an adorable and tiny stoat!
i don't think it was personally. even republican people i personally spoke with were disgusted.
feel like stoats are feminists
but that's a good question. i don't know if there was as much as a chamber then as there is now since things were not so polarised then.
i think they are :)
are def feminists. just look at those lil ears n_n
critters
well, I don’t know so much about how polarised American politics is, but I mean it’s not like Reagan was uncontroversial, right? Or Nixon?
hate that too
yet also ridiculously centrist. ;)
on some issues
you have an extreme choice one way or the other, or you have no choice
he was incredible that reagan and thatcher along with him. they were the ones who were about for setting up 'the new world order' that i didn't think meant shit until i got older. now it's a phrase that i see struck terror into the adults around me and i understand why now.
i was about to describe it as: very polarised opinions over parties that aren’t actually as different as you might think.
that the UK is much different in that regard.)
but for me now i just see america as batshit insane and disappointing and i don't think i'll be safe here. that's about it for the moment.
think it's funny how _conservative_ people who complain about the "new world order" are, exp. with regard to reagan/thatcher having their own version of it
mean i remember people making fun of reagan for 'bedtime for bonzo'.
what's "exp."?
  derkirche especially
k.
expresso
  +Dirigible  lol
if that's a common abbreviation or not, exp since it's spelled wrong
  +Dirigible  excetera
  sorta lol
  +Dirigible  lol
  tinystoat expecially!
anyway, what i meant was that i’m a bit wary of thinking that everyone is aware of certain criticisms of political figures, just because i see it a lot doesn’t mean it’s representative of the media opinion general.
think I've seen "exp" as experience but it didn't make sense in that sentence so I was confuse.
of struggles to overcome whic his what CIS is about and ofcourse people will be even less aware in that sphere.
like the venn diagram from hell and each of us lives inside of our own.
CIS?
i've taken it to mean a set of norms that we're saddled with from birth as in 'cisgender'.
  +Dirigible  Ah.
hence the living venn diagram from hell comment.
  tinystoat :D
cis isn't an acronym/initialism, so it doesn't need capitalization.
ah okay yeah sorry i'm a bit oldchool and tend to still do things like that.
how I parsed it)
something - or i'm being joycian again.
feel too tired to keep track of whatever conversation this is, sorry.
that's a good point.
i'm a bit all over the place myself with very little sleep so perhaps i'm not helping things.
perhaps, everybody is an amalgamation of their lived experiences and nobody can accurately portray somebody else's life.......?
are 'totes stoats!
  tinystoat :D
'actually you can't speak for...' is a famous silencing tactic :1
is there like a list of these somewhere?
but it's easy to make a list
be a minority and try to say things to cishet white men :1
funny coz it's true
makes it not funny at all
could have just linked this fucking article 2 hours ago when talking about bizarro world.
thats sickening
so fucking disgusted.
  +cirvinfox  yea
wait wait... FETICIDE?!
yeap. they invented terms
they must be powerful!
evil
doesnt feel like a strong enough word
Someone /actually sat down/ and was like 'this is something we should do.' and then they did it
needs to work on getting people scientifically literate, and rely less on their beliefs and feelings
says one thing, jury says another
too many people are tyold that their opinions matter.
opinions matter; but not more than the facts....
the thing, they think that opinions if argued hard enogu are facts
disagree, therefore we'll never know
metastudy covering millions of cases over the course of half a century? that's not what this pamphlet I was handed on the street says. derp.
dont understand how peer review and studies work
Clusters of Cells: The only people in America that can be legally /murdered/!~
don't really think it's so much an issue of people being "too dumb" to get it.
they're not dumb; just not educated
  +Dirigible  No.
we need to cut funding for schools & teachers, coz teachers are moochers
not like "educated" people aren't misogynist.
don't know if I think this would have happened to a rich white woman.
they were rich they'd get a fancier lawyer
more empathy.
by the surname, I'm gonna guess that the woman convicted is brown.
as we all know, we're not lower-class, we're just temporarily embarrassed upper-class
you prefer "ignorant"?
think you want a word to wrap up and simplify the issues at play.
  +Euryale  ^
we all read the same article?
care to elaborate?
prosecution couldn't prove she took abortifacients, there was no evidence of it; yet the jury still ruled feticide, with no evidence to back it up
the argument that it was viable outside the uterus was supposedly weak too
with no evidence of wrong-doing other than having a miscarriage, the jury somehow decided this outcome? based on what?
  +Dirigible  lol
on a system of oppression?
and feelings
where do you think those beliefs and feelings come from
it up into just "ignorance" makes it so easily digestible without any real critical thought.
where do you think scientific knowledge comes from?
logos of the universe?
reproducable evidence
should test that hypothesis against more evidence
the prosecutions expert also a WoC?
that why they ignored their evidence?
is conveniently ignored or misconstrued all the time to favor oppressors.
not outright manufactured.
idk science is a social process just as politics, art, or interpretative dance are
and i mean popperian falsificationism would lead to most of science being discarded, as feyerabend says
not like a "properly" educated person wouldn't ignore all their special knowledge to convict a brown woman of murder via miscarriage.
racism & sexism abound; but the justic system is supposed to elect a jury of your peers, which would hopefully minimize that
a 'peer' but what you shape it into
only served on a jury one time. a WoC was struck in her car by a WW. the white driver's insurance company took the case to court, so they wouldnt have to pay the WoC medical bills. even though they admitted the defendant was at fault in the accident.
verdict is mutually contradictory. Child neglect would require the baby to have been alive and viable, while the feticide charge would require the fetus to have died in utero. Despite this, Patel was convicted on both charges."
In 2011, also in Indiana, Bei Bei Shuai was prosecuted under the same feticide laws after a suicide attempt ended in the death of her unborn child."
  +Dirigible  jfc
shit
jury was 11 stay at home WW, and 1 19yo WM. the amount of smears that woman faced in the jury room was shocking. "who sees a chiropractor?" "she is fine, i saw her pick up her kids outside court" etc
how does nobody in the court understand the contradiction?
it doesn't fucking matter is the point.
one gives a shit about women, let alone brown women.
they do. in my experience the lawyers and judges are extremely cynical about it and each "can only play their role"
will freely admit that defendant demographics play into convictability
a charade
I'm still pretty sure a lot of the world issue could be resolved if everybody had to take kindergarten again before graduating; just to learn about sharing and working together etc
am curious about the demogrpahics of women convicted of similar charges.
it's not that simple :1
it is if I plug my ears and yell 'I'M RIGHT I'M RIGHT I'M RIGHT' :P
tried that once... got an ear infection
let's expand the problem to it's root --- the big bang... the big bang started all the fucked up shit we have to stand up against, so let's get right down to brass tacks
SO CUTE
all we know that was all there was before the big bang
it ruined EVERYTHING
constructs are human constructs and we can work to change them through proper education
one problem is that the structures also produce the education system
problem is that... i mean yes, education matters because we make decisions that reinforce or dismantle structures - but taking action is required to dismantle structures.
we all loved eachother more our cities would still be gentrified, etc.
that the education system reproduces the structures
yes, but we're discussing the idea of changing the education system
You guys are almost making it sound like patriarchy!
is patriarchy*~
it needs smashing, not enlightened transcendence of it
think, anyway.
  +Dirigible  lol
transcendence of patriarchy
one
The latest Aleve commercial on the television is /awful/: "I don't like relying on my family [for help with my chronic pain]."
disabled people are burden \o/
  +Dirigible  Ugh.
worst commercials are the anti-smoking ones, though :1
fairly certain anti-smoking ads are designed to make smokers smoke more
camps
was under the impression re-education camps are considered a joke
far as how much they change things
lot of folks are pretty upset about common-core
that
they're trying to change it by building a movement of teachers and parents
testing isn't the answer
there was a time when kids were like "yeah I wanna go to school & see my friends & learn cool stuff" and now they'd rather stay home & play video games
was?
in elementary school, I'm sure
  +Dirigible  wat
& homework were the worst part of school; the socialization and learning stuff were fun tho
I felt the opposite about school, probably due to the obscene bullying
if you're queer the abuse is pretty intense :1
how come when /literally anyone else does it/ it's 'abuse' but when schoolkids do it it's 'bullying'
wait... when it happens to an oppressed minority and it's short of actual hospital-level trauma it's 'bulling'
me
mine started when I was like 7 so.
"____ just having fun"
boys being boys.
  +Keilana  mhmm
there's "bullying" at the adult level too... but it's mostly just somebody being an asshole & not having anything better to call it or something
sensor slurs in future
went to christian schools, so everybody was a little more sheltered than that
Here's an idea: "abuse"
someone should practice more listening and less talking~
but people minimize it down to "bullying" hence "scare quotes"
you're basically just mansplaining at this point.
learned a lot of bullying tactics from my mom listening to laura schlessinger's radio show
regurgitation isn't something we need in this channel.
just trying to explain what I'm trying to say, but if you'd rather kick me, do it
if you're coming in here thinking you're providing a benefit by spouting nonsense for no purpose other than to "liven" the place up, reconsider.
haven't been mindful of the amount of space you take up in a channel for and about women and feminism.
haven't responded well to criticism.
quiet it is.
  +Dirigible  n_n
we were talking about how peer-perpetrated child abuse is minimized by relabeling it as 'bullying'
cuz I dunno about you guys but I've seen some /really horrific/ 'bullying'
up-to-and-including rape
sorry Dirigible
  +Dirigible  s'ok
Euryale same
guess abuse in general.
I feel especially as a child, it's hard to get people to give a shit.
really fucks with your ability to have friends in the future
tell me about it.
many people say "just ignore it" but it's not like you can do that, imo.
when it screws up relaionships down the line
like I'm his fucking therapy punching-bag :1
also like general manipulation which is super hard to even substantiate.
and the dynamic of being so starved for social contact that you accept it for attention
  +Euryale  yes
I think about how abuse of that kind fucked me up long term, it really makes me mad.
that these same sort of abuse is what nerds rally behind, isn't it
was a bullied nerd, but that was physical, my verbal abuse of you doesn't count'
how the results manifest so differently in patriarchy.
  +Keilana  mhmmm
lady nerds don’t get the same sympathy
of course we’re not “real nerds"
"fake gamer girl" thing is so inane. but there was even a reddit meme about "fake vape girls" and i couldnt stop laughing at the idiocy
  +GorillaWarfare ew
god forbid girls like things for the sake of things, not to try and ~*ensnare*~ Nice Guys (tm)
  +GorillaWarfare ^^^^
I was both a victim of bullying and a bully
school, that is
  +Dirigible  no1curr
ashamed
I, who was the victim of bullying, bullied myself

you will survive
believe in yourself
a fake vape girl. I vape, but with no nicotene, nor am I trying to quit smoking (cause I never did)
  +LadyCailin lol
  sorta haha
is so tough to watch. it's breaking my heart.
  +LadyCailin :<
a watch though.
can't stand the look on those men's faces.
wanna punch them.
the "madames" as well.
I hear people being like 'I did [horrible thing] but now I'm ashamed about it' I think about the abuse/honeymoon cycle in domestic violence :1
with overtones of 'she abused me, too'
  +Dirigible  yeeep
get those cookies, though
that's the thing... the 'honeymoon' cycle of abuse isn't /just/ about keeping the abused psychologically confused and trapped in the relationship.
contrary to popular belief, most abusers are not /that/ deliberate.
honeymoon is all about the abuser trying to convince themselves that they are a decent human being :1
yeah... cookie
  sorta :(
do you call out dudes for regurgitating what you just said?
a non-IRC setting, heh.
literally just what I said"
what snarkiness level? lol
have a hard time not being snarky.
less snarky way: "Yeah, like I said"
less: "Correct, as I was saying."
good.
doubt they'll pick up on it though.
  +LadyCailin lol
just hear "she agrees with me :)"
probably
I doubt you can say anything reasonably nice and get any other reaction
I wish I thought of something that insightful about my own life!"
just going through emails and noticing how often I get responses which are literally just paraphrasing my proposition.
I think this is a fair reading of my article" ?
  morganq lol
summary, so what do you think?"
haha
morganq, that is pretty good.
reading comprehension!"
aiming for non-snark.
environments~ and all that.
that than a non-response!
guess morganq's is only applicable when dudes aren't claiming the idea as their own.
/always/ claim the idea as their own :1
necessarily.
i was thinking of if the email is hard to distinguish from a summary
I get responses back which are just paraphrasing what I said, in which case morganq's response would make sense.
it wouldn't make sense if I was like "Can we do x so y doesn't happen?" and get a dude-response which is "We're going to [original idea i had but paraphrased]"
"Yes, that is a good summary of my thoughts. I'm glad there is not any confusion on the matter."
I could just be like "glad you're on board with my awesome"
you could just be cheeky and paraphrase them back
them at their own game
you're on board with my awesome" could be on a t-shirt
anyone asks.... it was my idea
doesn't quite work like that, dotty23.
are too oblivious.
  +Dirigible  n_n
think it wouldn't work like that though.
are stupid
  +Dirigible  Haw.
dont think it w[[mistakenly owns self into hell]
having a conversation about rape in ##politics right now, just fyi.  could be entertaining.  also i'm sending this twice because you cunts use bitchy, passive-aggressive stealth mutes, so fuck you
having a conversation about rape in ##politics right now, just fyi.  could be entertaining.  also i'm sending this twice because you cunts use bitchy, passive-aggressive stealth mutes, so fuck you
a long walk off a short pier
timing epi
  sorta jfc
watching the terminator
the dude in this movie is creepy
  Panty_Hampster_ cunts
  Panty_Hampster_ lol
  Panty_Hampster_ cunts
  Panty_Hampster_ lol
  Panty_Hampster_ cunts
  Panty_Hampster_ lol
yourself
  +epi  plz
of space
terminator 1?
  +epi  yeah
IS the terminator
be back
2 is my fave
  +Keilana  fembot
just wish the early-story plot twist in T2 wasn't ruined in the trailer
uh
saw the trailer
have you seen t2 because i want to avoid spoilering it
you know what i'm talking about right dirig
  +Dirigible  no
having seen the movie like 500 times
bulk of that was when i was young
i am admittedly lacking in memory
seen bits of it
seen the trailer
love the terminator
read fanfic about skynet and how it came to power
go to bed O.o
wasn't able to sleep that week.
I'm at work.
pfft... ;)
hi Euryale
  +Euryale  hi!
  dotty23 :)
is a cesspool.
both the channel and the general concept, I'd say
there's no real discussion being had. just some idiots highlighting grey areas without recognising the nuances
most of them are interested in actual discourse at all
making their opinions known and belittling those who don't see eye to eye with them
  scabdates unfortunately
had that happen to me here today.
everywhere, right?
  scabdates literally
world is basically fully of inescapable idiocy
mom's boyfriend is such an awful pet owner... I jump at the chance to babysit his dog because she's so cute and she's such an angel with me, I just want to give her a break from that environment
Oh no... what does your mom's boyfriend do?!
just a generally unsavory individual (understatement)
he just takes shit care of the dog
really bathe it
diet
nice to it at all
his poorly raised child to be unbelievably antagonistic to it
she's very lonely romantically speaking, so she's not willing to completely cut him out of her life unfortunately
no... is there anything you can do?!
can't believe your mom would date someone like that
I can... been there, done that)
but that kinda person doesn't treat people any better, either :1
DEFINITELY does not
a festering piece of shit :1
was abusive towards his wife when they were still together
he's definitely not treating her as well as she deserves
wish it was as easy as just telling her not to see him, but she's her own person and my siblings and I can't do much more than be there for her and help out as much as I we can
I hope you're not getting abused too :1
any of your siblings :1
luckily that is not the case
the case of my mother's boyfriend, I'd put about a million dollars on myself if it were somehow to become physical
to mention my older brothers are both... quite big. they would love nothing more than to have a viable reason to come teach him the meaning of respect
appreciate your concern/ear though :)
course...
a research paper on black feminism
ideas?
topics i can discuss
justice is always good
justice?
reproductive justice
  +Keilana  links~
i was thinking of defining beautty of black women and usin skin bleaching creams or relaxers
a really big issue in Brazil if you’re thinking of a regional approach
in the carribean aswell
do you think?
think you need to do the research for your research paper :1
to Help Me Do My Homework!
kidding.
not actually here to be a disposable resource.
really like helping people with research papers
thank you keilana
i am learning
but yeah, seriously. Topic. Look at it.
blackfeminism
talking about issues in which affect WOMEN
automatron very helpful!
this isn't #homeworkhelp?? i've been in the wrong channel all this time...
No wonder your grades suck :1
  +Dirigible  lol
lotsa people like educating on 101 stuff too but 101 spaces and ours are quite different.
guess I disagree that it’s totally 101-ish but I will shush now
i don't think the topic is 101 but the individual seemed to want a 101 walkthrough on the topic
that
using us as a drive-by resource is sucky.
you're a contributing member of the community then it's much less of an issue.
enough
ENZ lubricated condoms sells for 4,760 bolívars, or $20 a condom. Venezuela's minimum monthly wage: 4,889 bolívars."
PER condom?
christ
fuck
about controlling access to birth control D:
  +Keilana  auuugh
people underestimate just HOW important it is
don’t understand WHY people underestimate it
chain of logic is so short
can curb crime rates, you can decrease gun violence, you can decrease murder, you can decrease robberies, burglaries, etc.
just from the HIV angle
WILL have sex, regardless of whether or not they have adequate measures for protecting themselves
I think it's something we take as a given in western society.
are always there and basically floating around somewhere for grabs here in the states.
and people will have abortions when they have unwanted pregnancies and legality will do nothing
and if they're illegal, they're quite probably a lot more dangerous for the mother
data bears that out, before and after legalization abortion rate is the same, but mortality drops to almost 0
when mifepristone and misoprostol are available and MVA is used instead of sharp curettage
infuriating
yeah, that makes sense.
Uber is delivering Kittens!
try, uber, but that doesn't undo your shittiness.
WANT A KITTEN
  bajin hmm
hell, glee is having a trans guy played by a cis woman >:(
actors and actresses EXIST. PLEASE CAST THEM
  +DrYucatan  ^
a billion.
meritocracy Keilana! meritocracy!
  +Keilana  *hssss*
wonder if they had a casting call and how it was worded
all
Lonestar
am a Lonestar too.
know the feeling well lol
got no one to talk to
ever listen 2 black star?
star?
def and talib kweli representing
heard it
  +pandorastar  no
you enjoy being a Lonestar Lonestar?
suppose I do to a point. But I get tired of trying to get people to understand
too sometimes.
it's always frustrating to read something on social media stereotyping men and women
frustrating belonging to belonging to a religion in which most people believe that men are the head
  +pandorastar  :(
conversations with someone who supports your view is so uplifting, really lifts your spirits, at least mine lol
y’all, I just lost a needle in my bed
hope your bed's not a haystack.
some careful searching for a minute turned it up
don’t want to sleep with sharp things
end
sorry
morning
morning
all
  void|home Evening!
everyone
pandorastar!
void|home
cat :)
that is both cute and thank you for a site that works with no javascript!
  Katiekat  hi
hello!
hello!
of cats mine needs some food bbs
Oh it doesn't need javascript? Cool!
just cloud app, it's really neat.
:))
cat is currently outside.
tinystoat
are really cute!
a ferret in this house.
god this Cherry EP is great
oh lovely i love weasels and stoats and ferrets.
  void|home 'Missy'
the cutest!
i just elicited a loud squeek of joy. :D she's adorable.
CUTE
kitties!
look like quite the characters!
bet they are! :))
they look rather big as well. =)
they're twins, but they have completely different characters
they're still small, being only 6 months old
kitty!
Sir Alfred Beans is a handsome chap. :))
the best!
now you've done it, kittens.
  void|home raaaaow
wasn't too bad, really
helps that they can play with each other and don't need to break stuff to stay entertained
true i never thought of that. i've always had singles. poor lonely things now that i think about it years later.
that's why i insisted on getting two
wow great gallery. i keep saying that darn word 'aaaw' for some reason. ;)
such a great album!
catty sleeps in bed under my arm most nights.
up this morning with him taking up half my pillow.
i had a cat who loved sleeping on my face. made me mental.
  void|home hahah
you wake up with a fuzzy butt in your face.
  tinystoat yes!
have a black cat. His name is Nero.
  void|home :)
it's a great album because my girlfriend is good at taking pictures
photographers are good to have around!
still learning about aperture, shutter speed, iso.
you don't see the 600 pictures where the kittens were moving too fast to produce anything but a blur)
Practice. Practice.
She's AMAZING>
  void|home .*
ah okay i feel a bit better now.
yes practise tell me about it oh my god do i ever suck. :D
yes i love her so much.
she died with nobody konwing anything about her and never having developed most of her film!
wow!
a lost treasure!
  void|home Yeah!
haha yes :))
recently discovered i love doing product shots.
in awe of vivian maier; street photography is one thing I really want to get into.
awww passed right out and so happy and safe.  bless. <3
she the one whos huge amount of pictures/films were found after she died?
same! same same same. i recently got a new camera because my old baby coolpix 880 died a terrible, silent death. it took a long time to make enough to get a new camera and by then i was pretty out of practise and even quite intimidated.
yes!
yes and i know this sounds silly but i cried when i read that. it just made it all the more tragic she wasn't appreciated in her time imho.
most of them hadn't even been developed. she was that good and that amazing and nobody bloody knew.
recently developed even more photos.
done product shots but i need to learn how to take photos of living things out THERE.
if i would have known the pictures are so good, I'd have looked through them earlier. I think I heard a report about her on the radio and then was sidetracked and forgot. Thanks for pointing me there
don't know how to learn from vivian, sadly.
What kind of product shots are you taking?
you're so welcome yeah i really am lost for words regarding vivian. just overawed and emotional even.
no photographer, I rather paint thouhg. But only for my self, never would publish/post any of that ...
beautiful thing about vivian is she didn't require validation to excel
things like beer bottles and office junk and stuff.  let me find a screenshot of one example for you brb!
i do hope you share it one day if you ever feel so inclined. i miss meeting creatives online.
exactly.
Hopefully one day someone will see the beauty you've created.
this grep is taking a while.
once planned on studying art, but before that i did one year something called "Werkbund Werkstatt" where I was teached handling different materials, like glass, paper, metal, wood and so on. However - I met local artists are somewhat successful and realized that if I want to live from Art I need to be some kind of sales person selling myself. That is something I was unable and unwilling to do. then I studied computer science...
yeah that's what stopped me as well. werbund sounds amazing!
was
there a Dr Sketchy's near you?
sure what Dr Sketchy is ;)
go to Dr Sketchy's in two places near here; my partner draws, I take photos.
just googled it
partner uses it for their artistic inspiration.
don;t think something like that is around here
stay motivated and to keep doing art.
sorry need to drag out the external brb
always did art to relax, to get rid of stuff in my brain and so on
actually, i did post some of my art ...
There's never any hurry on IRC.
true. i treat it like i'm in the same room with that person which is funny because i feel like an old creaky fart at times thinking like that. :D
was me - over 10 years ago - can;t be prosecuted anymore :)
:D
haha nice! :))
Nice photo there!
thank you very much! sadly you can see where some of the elephant snot sticks out from behind that was holding the damn thing up but other than that it came out quiet nice. it was doing using natural light from the kitchen window.
never done any clean product photos like that.
didn't even notice!
yeah i really got into it when i learned studio lighting set up from a photographer i briefly worked for.
tahnk goodness. yeah i'm lucky it doesn't show that much!
fell in love with that sort of thing relaly.
also did a beer bottle i made in inkscape because that was when my camera broke.
nearly looks real. i never finished it because i had got the new camera by then but i have that lying about as well.
  void|afk  :)
yet to really practice lots of lightining.
  void|afk  lighting*
yeah little by little. :))
what kind of pirates were you and your mates in the oldent times of yore? can you share that? i'd love to know what's behind that amazing grafitti of yours. :))
  tachikoma pirates?
just wer young and could not sleep :)
Almost looks real! :D
that was done with inkscape? wow - i have to try out inkscape :)
you beautiful people!
thanks for your time! have a lovely night!
  tinystoat sleep!
  tinystoat :))
yes i did that in inkscape!  i'm all about the openh source and i loved making this project it really sharpened my skills and made me grow also.
to see art by people here, yeah tinystoat great product shot and amazing vector beer bottle!
i do do stuff in acrylic and pencil and other mediums as well but i've recently fallen in love with making stuff visually through gimp (terrible interface but powerful) and inkscape.
that was just after finishing scool, i was never that much into hiphop and that culture which just got big back then, but i liked painting. One night friends took me to Berlin, to some hiphop concert and afterwards they drove to some wall to do graffitti. that wasmy first contact with that world. Soon after I met some other guy who did not really like hiphop and he also like graffitti and one thing led to another.
thank you very kindly.
also thank you for your kind words forgot to say. :))
i'm old now - but discovered arduino and the whole maker culture some years ago, so thats what I'm experimenting with atm. but having kids, family and a job does not leave that much time ... however - the children take over now and are awesome at painting considering their age
in fact i've had a lot of artist friend live there for a year or two.
i'm so happy they are continuing that path. yeah i fell in love with the PI thing as well. i actually took care of lady ada's cat (adafruit) once for a week and stayed in her room. her room was AMAZING. with all of her equipment laid out and neatly as well. all of her tools and all of the gadgets she was working on. i love that women to death. sad i never met her. :x yeah i'm crazy i know t
like that haha
i'd love to see what you're up to with the arduino stuff as well if you're ever up for sharing that!
thank goodness then i haven't missed anything. san francisco is dead now.
well, currently i experiment with steampunk stuff, one sec
vallye completely decimated it.
very cool :))))) i am going to make a steampunk lappie with my PI ;))
wip:
you! looking
just starting to relearn working with brass and copper
the knowledge from werbund werkstatt is usefull, just have not sone it in years and currently am just treining my skills
that is AMAZING :)
it's far from done though
holy crap!
it works already :) go home google glass ;)
HOLY CRAP!
  tachikoma don;t
  tinystoat :x
  tachikoma ups
i lost it there. you're amazing.
  tachikoma here
you!
will make some howto build yourself, take pictures of the process, just had no time to write it all down yet
real problem is that I now got hooked on steampunk designs and have material for that, so I wonder what else i can steampunk :)
holy crap wow. i'm so impressed. please know i'll be reading that page super fast after you do it.
haha indeed. i like some of the stuff i've seen in steam punk but a lot of it was for show. when i see something like this that is actually useful it makes me really want to explore it more as well.
my PI lappie sounds boring now. haha.
it's funny because i HATE google but the glass part was rather spiffy. :D
yeah, bye google!
no, it does not sound boring - not to me at least.
the hardest part is trying to figure out how to deal with the keyboard issue. i want the keyboard to be able to fold up into a tiny box.
in fact i was inspired by the old movie Brazil for making the steampunk lappie!
i am somewhat a "critical transhumanist" - I played with head mounted displays since the nineties, when google glasses came out i really was excited
awesome - the lens based workstations in brazil?
am going to use a tiny screen with one of those plastic pieces that magnifies a book page in fact!
loved those so gad you know know what i mean!
  tinystoat glad
will be amazing. do it. Not that i have not though about how cool that is ;)
have so many lenses now, i was wondering if i could build a steampunk watch looking like that, having amicrodisplay with a lens
thank you i will do my best and also my best to document the parts and how and this an dthat.
holy crap what a good idea!
i'm losing it over here. so excited
yeah and i'm working on getting my soldering skills up. boy do i suck. ;)
good at solderng with low temperatures, but am currently training with above 800 degress, using silver
totally different and i with small pieces i manage to melt the whole piece sometimes :)
i have been reading up on that and it's a whole other animal. my respect to you on that.
on, thats not that amazing
is to me! are you undervaluing yourself? ;)_)
only use youtube videos as learning matriial ;)
i use them as well ;))
still watching is one thing, DOING is another, right?
but they explain it quite well
always blown away when people do more than talk about things and i'm awfully impresed when a person can stop and document it on top because that's a lot of work as well.
with big parts its kinda easy, problem are small things
yes although sometimes i've found some pretty wonky folks on youtube being bad teachers so sometimes i really have to sift through all the crap to find the gold.
me - the real dificult part in all that is doing it with a 5 year old kid wanting to know what you do why ;)
it's al;so the most fun part :)
right now i've been designing a gadget box that will use my smartphone as a microscope and will have the shelf to also hold the thing i'm looking at as well was drawers to hold the dye chemicals and a light swtich, adjustment height device, and tweezers. i love looking at things up close and it's been making me nuts doing everything so ghetto.
yeah, your feedback does motivate me a lot, so thank you - there is a lot in the queue i want to still finish
one of the things for that will be that i have to make custome hinges for that bit.
i hear you and please i will be more than happy to enthuse over your amazing projects and motivate more because you motivate me in return. quite mutual there!
be here and post anything worth posting :)
i have to run, meeting coming up ...
you
see you soon thanks again for your ime!
see you soon and i'm all ears for the posts.
bargle
whoops sorry wrong channel :D
ARGLE BARGLING HERE
  +Dirigible  n_n
i promise no more of that rubbish!
  +Dirigible  :P
  +Dirigible  anyway
MORNING, FEMINISM
morning Dirigible
:D morining!
hej hej! i wanted to mention to you that if you have a super powerful magnet with your supplies you won't need to worry about losing needles in your bed in future.
tinystoat! that is a thing I should invest in!
since I making moar squids
do i promise you you will wonder how you did without.
you make squids??
  +Keilana  n_n
  tinystoat :D
do now!
my first one last night
wand o_o
  +Dirigible  smurt
am making twin squids for me and GorillaWarfare
my gosh i have to see!
  +Keilana  n_n
yeah i used to work at a sewing school so i larnt a lot about various tools
  tinystoat learnt
school~
is bright pink
oh gosh now i feel all fuzzy :D how lovely
wish i had the resolve to teach myself how to sew properly
  +Keilana  n_n
are so cute
excellent body pillow
yeah i have saved my self a blucktonnne of cash sewing my own clothes for example.
it is v soothing~
oh wow that looks amazing.
youuuu~
clothes are a sewing mystery to me
bet it is especially at night when you wrap those tenticles about or you can place them in various nooks and crannies for support like a bad back.
seem basic but like, getting armholes and crotches just slightly wrong really fucks you up
yes i'm afraid people get terrified after a terrible first experience and it remains so so that they don't want to try again and who can blame them?
yeah the first thing i did growing up was learn to sew by hand with a ruler. practised stitches like a crazy person. that helps a lot. then machine sewing same thing with that.
make skirts and skirts are p easy (at least the ones i make are)
cutting and measuring is another thing.
yeah they are pretty difficult to screw up.
know there are some greeat sites up by these indian woman who show all the cool ways to make your own patters.
ucould try that place and see how you do?
  tinystoat also!
  tinystoat MUSLIN!
  +Dirigible  where
need one of those dummies too
with a muslin cloth FIRST so you can fix all the booboos and then you can use the muslin for the final pattern
don't worry about the dummy body.
takes me so long as is, i can't imagine just popping out a shirt like nbd
me find that page brb
  +Dirigible  thanks
you worry just do a little at a time and you'll get faster and better. saw it over and over ath the sewing school :))
  tinystoat brb
still looking i forgot it's difficult to find their sites in all the crappy results!
worries
not a big deal, tbh. i'm not going to be doing any sewing right away.
find the other woman's blog for you soon.
fi?
weird.
must be the shell i'm on. ;)
thank you
no worries but even if you just read those and look at a lot of youtube tutorials you'll feel a lot better about trying in future.
give up hope! :D
got a huge fur coat i made for winters in places i probably will never go but it sure keeps me warm!
fur.
feel bad about it now becuase i wasn't being very environmentally aware so now i realise i'm emitting micro-fibre pollution into the environment.
time i'll make something with a wool yard carpet sort of thing.
sound hardcore!
yeah i grew up so god damn dirt poor that i got rather handy with things so that that kind of thing is the thing i'll do to keep surviving.
example i grew up with such bad malnuttrition i didn't grow an inch for four years.
when i wanted to have something i'd go scrounge rubbish bins and whatnot to get bits and bobs and make it myself with wahtever i had.
now something like that i think is a lot less intimidating for me to take on.
  +Dirigible  nod.
i sure don't think that is a cup of tea for everybody and i hope i don't communicate it tha tway! :)
need to make more things.
like making stuff or fixing stuff but i don't do much of it anymore.
yeah i found it saved me and my sanity to do that sort of thing.
what region are you in again?
fact there were times i had to be nearly kicked in the bum to get going an ddo it but may i say i'm so hpapy for that.
san francisco
not for much longer
bay area folks around here
expensive, too horrible.
  +Dirigible  yeah
woah did not know that!
i'm still learning the channel culture and people - oh my god i'm like two days old here. :D
  tinystoat haha
  +Dirigible  mhm
i used to meet a lot of folks from all over on irc.
you find us?
stayed with folks in other countries and they have come to say with me. amazing life experiences. thank you irc.
  +Dirigible  nice
i found you because of a frien of mine. i was really pissed off with my experiences with other irc places and ranted and they told me to come here.
fact i don't know why she's not here. i'm sad she's not.
met a couple irc folks but never out of country
said she was too angry for you guys and didn't want to poison the atmostphere.
  +Dirigible  lol
oh wow i hope yo ucan meet more.
that's new
angry? >_>
i told her if the channel was so good perhaps it was the place she needed to be.
  +Dirigible  sysmeme?
yeah she's had a lot of shit in her life and so whenever something triggers her she can be pretty brutal.
holy crap yes! that's her!
yes, i remember her departure. expected her back, tho.
said the trolls really got her and she didn't want to spew hate.
i'll let her know that i think that will make her day. thank you. :)
right?
a lovely person and really just wants people to be happy.
i don't see her online just now will have to email.
yeah i remember sysmeme
email sent.
she's also horrible with english. :D
she's got no dictionary for her language so it's been hellish at times but she really does try.
maybe that bad english and her having a rant about trolls would have got her banned and she didn't want to come off like that perhaps? i am actually guestilating and shouldn't do that. hopefully she'll be back. i haven't seen her for some weeks now actually.
i remember talking about finland over christmas
oh yeah that's about the last time i think i saw her as well.
worst you can do with trolls is let them get to you ... then they have won.
true but sometimes when people are so beaten down and devasted over and over there is nothing left to defend one's self.
not saying that it is easy, i just kind of stated the obvious...
i'm not blaming anyone they get as some trolls are pretty sophisticated if it comes to making peoplle feel bad
they get to'
yeah it's just that in this case, if we're still talking about sysmeme, the 'trolls' went out and killed her family off right in front of her for example so she's definitely in a bit of a special place.
feel okay sharing this only because she's spoken about it with others in channels before otherwise i promise i don't just share people's private information.
  tachikoma wtf?1?
like in murdered?
yeah. pretty horrible.
fell sick now, literally
in russia, in the east side.
oh no i'm so sorry i didn't mean to do that to you.
don't want to upset/trigger anybody anymore and i'm so sorry i didn't think about that before talking about it.
it;s ok. Just shocked
make sure i'm more careful in future - sincere humble apologies. :((
it's horrible she's been through some living hell.
don't know what to say
hey there isn't much one can say right?
mean i belive that.
can we say to horror?
don't know!
world ... these people ... just why
:(
damn i'm fun at parties!
i have to leave, catch my train, hope to see you around, have a nice evening/morning/night/lunch everyone!
yes thank you so much see you as well have a lovely evening!
wonder how much sprinkles you could put in a cake before it gets fucked up
  tinystoat hahahahaha
need to find that out.
god that means i ned to learn to bake. :D
can you make a cake that's more than half sprinkles
you're making me so cravey for this strange delicacy.
actually tempted to do this experiment as cupcakes
oh please do it and then please give me the recipe :D
won't for a while, if i do at all
bad i'm not close buy we could do a really nice produce shot for that.
shot?
you've planted a seed. i'll see about this. i've been meaning to learn to make pastries for a long time.
product wow i'm typo-ist today.
been doing some work for a client in europe so i've had pretty sour hours for sleep.
certainly be a limit
like, if it was 100% sprinkles it would just be sprinkles
at some point it would just fall apart
i imagine one would have to adjust for dry sprinkles.
like i’m sure you could replace a significant amount of flour/sugar with sprinkles.
i didn't think about replacing
adding..
equal parts sprinkles and cake batter
that would just make more cake, i guess. >.>
wrong with that
  +Dirigible  n_n
true >.>
/away
  +GorillaWarfare >.>
  +Dirigible  ha!
secret's out!
  tinystoat :D
and about!
so need some "me" time
gonna see if I can't take the rest of the day off at work
I'm going to lunch weeee!
here's a thought: How come I can't walk down the street without tripping over a place that offers discounts for students because 'they don't have any money' but literally /nowhere/ will give me a discounts to people who have a medicare card?!
or food stamps card
imagine it can be reduced to like
did something to deserve being on medicare
students deserve discounts because they're trying to MAKE IT in america
get sick sometimes? :1
if you're poor/on medicare/etc you did something wrong, mirite
  +Dirigible  /s
idea if i'm right, but maybe also the assumption students will "amount to something" and remember the discount, but medicare people have few chances to be good future clients?
true, modulus
probably
explain things like museums though :1
true
  +Euryale  ?
than poor non-students i would say
  +Dirigible  ^
is on board for high schools and funding for preschools, everyone knows someone or is related to someone that goes there
  +Euryale  ah...
don't think that's true either
yeah... some people offer discounts for disabled people but try claiming that discount when you don't use a freaking wheelchair
or are young
it's certainly more true that people will know more friends/family/neighbors have kids in non-uni
think the discount for uni is more a thing 'cuz uni is where the rich kids go
as was pointed out the assumption of this pot of gold at the end of a college education rainbow
the argument of decreasing funding for it i feel
not 'ifeel' but i suspect thats how that plays politically in general
can we stop shaming people for dropping out of highschool already? :1
know a few people who didn't finish high school. You know who I don't know? Someone who was like "Enh... I'd rather be doing something else."
  +Dirigible  but
FIXES EVERYTHING
and that's always the argument you hear 'oh, if you were too lazy to finish highschool...'
tell that to the woman who dropped out of highschool so she'd have enough time to /raise her younger siblings and get a job and cook and.../
  +Euryale  *gasps*
  +Euryale  :1
standardized tests
seriously gross.
school was so desperate for me to test (even though I don't think I had to?) they bribed me.
forget what with but I remember the guidance counselor picking me up from home and driving me to the testing location (which was a banquet hall).
never tested in a banquet hall!
hadn't either until then.
can't even imagine how crappy it is now with common core :1
that?
the new thing in the United States
standardized testing taken to the /extreme/
nowadays you don't need to know how to, say, multiply numbers
need to understand the state-approved way of showing your work for multiplying numbers
testing is great for well-off caucasians who live in good school districts... and pretty much nobody else
if you show too many steps you fail, too
it fundamentally and deliberately changes the curriculum /so that it is easier to test on a standardized test/
because it turns out that it's /really important/ on a standardized test to be able to distill your math problem to three, and only three, 'steps'
don't know how it applies to other disciplines though
perverse. i had read some people were in favour of it because it set solid minimum and stuff but it doesn't seem like that's a good idea.
woke up grumpy this morning
the problem is that the solid minimum becomes more of a class/economic minimum than an intelligence minimum
then the poor schools, who obviously underperform on the tests, lose funding and become even worse
it's not even just a cycle, it's a perpetually worsening cycle, essentially
always thought it would make sense to give underperforming schools more means, if the object is to help people improve and all.
most school tables logic seems to go the other way
  +Dirigible  meritocracy
quantifying intelligence as i understand it is a legacy from when psychology was grading levels of excuse my french, retardation, right?
was meant to assess children to find out which needed more help, i believe.
well interestingly it is still a life/death matter in texas
an IQ test, corrected over time, can be the difference between execution and life sentence
we go by IQ, a significant portion of functioning people outside of westernized culture would be considered "mentally retarded" (excuse my french as well)
is one of the worst measurements of intelligent IMHO
by defintion we are average
most of us :)
disabled, please?
in the abstract as we intuitively might sense, is meaningless
IQ test does not correlate well to what you or I would understand to be intelligence.
  Rothstein right
it correlates more closely with /affluence/
is why mensa makes me laugh a bit (no offense)
my dad keeps pressuring me to join them and I keep having to /very calmly/ explain why the whole thing is really disgusting and I want no part of them :1
you were a senator, i bet he would back right off as well
pretty rare to hear people tell you about the surgeries they perform or companies they lead, engineering they do - but - they're also smart because they have a mensa certificate
neeeeetworking~ he always says :1
just because I can past their test doesn't mean I'm going to be able to network with a bunch of people who look nothing like me
with other people who feel their intelligence is not valued ?
god...
thats a generlization ofc
true Euryale
story to throw at them then Euryale: initially, they were called Mens as in mind? but then realized their magazine looked like a .. men's special interest publication shall we say - so it became mensa ;)
you'll meet people you can relate to and who share your interests!" "You mean... wealthy white men who have a passion for radical gender politics?"
I dunno... 'men's special interest' sounds about right...
lapel pins?!
  sorta gross
discussing with someone on here (can't recall who) about how I thought the NFL's sudden change of heart on DV issues/the No More program were both kind of a sham
It's like pinkwashing but with domestic violence :1
the above article lends some credence to that
Euryale
they wanted to take a real stance on it, at a MINIMUM, any player committing an act of DV would be immediately and irrevocably, banned from the sport
should just require tattoos on the upper chest instead of handing out lapel pins
  ottanta 'morning
is, yeah - but policywise notoriously difficult to enforce, for many reasons
is difficult in some cases
that's hardly a reasonable excuse for how the NFL, and numerous other professional sports leagues handle it
mean, we watched Ray Rice punch his fiancee square in the face on video tape
sure, no i agree there - they have a much better position to deal with it effectively
okay, you meant in a general sense
understand
a bureaucracy the job is much more difficult yeah
was a good article
deadspin can be hit or miss sometimes, but when they hit they really do hit
idea what the logo is supposed to mean?
to say
I think the O is supposed to represent a black eye?
the cause*
that because of the image at the top, Euryale ?
to be more than just a stylized black eye?
not buying any of their merchandise :1
probably
think the image at the top isn't part of their brand
something made for the article
I think that's a deadspin design for the article, if I'm not mistaken
  scabdates ^^
makes me think it's not really supposed to be a black eye
it's meant to be a 0
they label it "vanishing point icon"
your logo is that distracting..
yeah maybe something like that
  morganq haha
gonna eat this shit up"
it's a teal circle.
yeah... I get it... it's a zero
clever
you golf clapped your own joke
  +Dirigible  LOL
admire your apparent self confidence
something I don't have
I golf clapped their sad-sack attempt at not being awful people.
  morganq l0l
  ottanta oh
  ottanta :(
see the latest louis ck set life at the comedy store?
watched it the other day
good bits but a lot of meh right?
his assertions about sexism being 'here to stay', whadya make of those
  ottanta patriarchy.
wasn't my favorite of his specials Rothstein, but I think it's hard to find any comedian who I don't disagree with the assertions of to some extent
try not to take stand-up bits at face value
think he's correct about sexism being "here to stay" in the same sense that racism is "here to stay", and I think that's also irrelevant to our attempts to remove the institutionalized approval of those things that is inherent basically everywhere in the world right now
anyone /actually expect/ Louis CK to be a feminist? Really?
love hari kondabolu
upholderof
hari kondabolu buddy
._.
have you watched any of Comedy Central's online series called This Is Not Happening?
found a few of the bits to be pretty amusing, it's basically just random comedians telling decently long real-life stories
  +Dirigible  nop
actually not a huge comedy person.
I see
because I'm super picky about it.
enough
wonder if it's that I'm super picky or that much of makes light of awful things.
  +Dirigible  ~edgy~
mothers are now charged ?600 to have a baby and ?1200 for a Caesarian or complications. Its twice that for foreign nationals living in Greece.
  modulus ouch
americans pay ~500x that :1
at first if you didn't pay the hospital kept the baby
they just confiscate your property and imprison you
  +Dirigible  WTF
love that, collateral
guess thats why NHS and other national agencies are advocating home births eh - costs
I mean, if it weren't for gamergate, I would not have been aware so many people would actually self-identify as feminists or sympathize with feminists, even if some of them are scumbags
read 'greek monsters' modulus
monsters?
instead of mothers?
  ottanta yeah
believing women are capable of acting like monsters is uhmm certainly not incompatible with feminist values i think, ottanta
my god, I just learned what mgtow is
need a shower
mgtow
  ottanta ew
  ottanta mgtow
why all the rebranding by the same group of people, with the same values?  'Maybe if we pitch it differently people will finally open their eyes and take the red pill!'
humans respond to that, like it or not
just sat through a discussion that yinz would find hilarious
friend (who is a republican) logged into runescape for the first time in 5 years and could feel it sucking him in right away. After think about why it had this effect on him, he applied it to business and came to a set of conclusions (alienation/wage slavery) that are the central parts of classical marxism
libertarian male sees the light in terms of why capitalism exploits people
is such a term devoid of concrete meaning these days, its self-titled adherents rarely seem to be able to point to established libertarian works or definitions
much
think it is part of the appeal, tbh
part of an impossible-to-define meta-movement?
allows you to believe whatever you want as long as you want guns and a tiny federal gov't
sexism, homophobia, etc are all allowed
who doesn’t want that /s
all of them want a tiny federal gov't though
on parade
damnit now I have that stuck in my head
the times ran a piece addressing that dichotomy re kids iirc
which dichotomy
liberarianism and childrens education
libertarianism
weird
the philosophical problems can be truncated to a decent extent within that conversation, 1s see if i have the link
they tie it in to the vaccination business, but the stuff about huckabee and paul stands
is true, it's what i'd calll chic left
where doctors were justifying whether or not to immunize based upon the history of measels in that region
the political narrative as that spreads becomes a matter of choice
is like, let's justify not forcing people to maintain fire lines around their property based upon the history of fire in that region
- cept the peril is apparently too abstract
at it's ideological core there is that classic freedom to choose set up against others, even worse, 'experts' enforcing measures for what (is) they claim is best for the common good
public health is even slightly ignored by some parties to that discussion to me seems the real quandry - and a policy problem that you don't ideally see officials propagate in election bids ;/
why are women better than men
gb
  geraldbrent hi
are you all this fine night?
  +Dirigible  okay
school?
stressful, as usual. Some idiot decided to hit my car because I honked at him when he ran a red light and almost tboned a bus.
  +Dirigible  WTF
Was on camera too in the parking lot, but of course, there isn't enough resolution to prove anything.
you okay?
He almost swerved into me to miss the bus, which was scary af, but what's hurting me is the car.
Didn't you have a fancy car or restored car or something?
like they hit it with something heavy and flat. Scraped off some paint and put a nasty dent in the door.
a tank
people who just have no respect for anyone but themselves.
  +Dirigible  Yeah.
I'm not dead, and I can still chat in here.
  +Dirigible  Indeed.
who's a genius for keeping his regal eh
nevermind it's a sopranos reference where they steal all the imported cars at a wedding ;x
I will admit, it is built like a damn tank. I can probably pull those dents out myself. Did most of the body work myself in the first place. Just going to be probably $1k to have the door repainted.
gb, my car sounded funny today when i started it up, what's wrong with it?
metallic blue is beautiful, but the colorsanding and priming required is where the money's at.
86 regal you can at least fix something without replacing a whole dang unit
Was it really cold?
  +Dirigible  nope
Squeal or grind?
had a busted light on a relatively new volvo? fixing it, forget about it, whole new lighting unit
  +Dirigible  neither
  geraldbrent :<
resolved after a bit of idling
be a number of things. Voltage drop after startup, ECU adjusting ATF, etc. If it's a newer car, you can stop by the local autoparts store and they'll do a free code scan to diagnose the problem.
soup!
and if it's an older car and the check-engine light is on it might blink and you can look up the code on the Internet!
sound complicated.
check engine light
= Engine control unit. ATF = Air to Fuel ratio.
tobacco and firearms
did sound fuel related.
the ratio will be slightly richer at startup, which can cause shuddering and stumbling on some vehicles under some conditions.
I can't remember what ECU does.
No... thats what you do /after/ you've ruled out the air to fuel ratio :1
  bajin lulz
  bajin so
with white bros and their fondness for racial/sexual jokes
seinfeld voice
  +Dirigible  lol
seinfeld face
wait it's supposed to be "what's the deal with..."
why pick on one kind of minority when you can pick on /two/ kinds of minorities!
  +Dirigible  lol
seems like that's the only jokes they are able to tell
finance bros at work of course
how you do it, bajin
i don't really get offended by racist shit personally if it's someone i know
i still get astounded at how they're literally unable to make any other joke to their friends
think because that kind of joke is considered, by the patriarchy, to be one of the least controversial
  bajin :|
pretty much you can be guaranteed that if you are talking with other rich, white, men that if you say something bad about women or people of color the /worst/ that you're going to get is rolled eyes :1
a joke about politics? oops, maybe you might step on some toes.
maybe that other person really /is/ a communist!
hey, you can see with your very own eyes that they're white and male!
makes sense
lot of it
  catherine hellooo
you hate it when it makes sense but the conclusion is /really shitty/?!
  +Euryale  hello
but black people make race jokes too!!! so obviously its okay for rich white dudes to do it!!!
  +Euryale  aweh...
someone call you a 'cracker'?
have a wet-nap to dry your tears
  bajin lol
said that didnt he hehe
dunno... I don't watch CK
me of owning land and slaves, what a drag'
he's an acquired taste alright
getting pretty close to cookie territory (probably)
made?
shall be no cookies!/
  +Dirigible  o_O
if /they/ can say the n-word, why can't i!???!
just NOT FAIR
trade
sense
the case of seinfeld v. anti-dentite
I always tell people they can say whatever they want, and though I may not have a strong, outward negative reaction, there are plenty of other people of color who will be quite quick to step up and.... illustrate their offense in that situation
by all means, speak your mind!
think it's almost always clear whether where is malice involved or not
can't stand enabling that kind of entitlement, tbh
it's generally incredibly blatant, I agree
malice wrt to what?
believe it or not, a lot of white people can get away with using it without offense with their close friends in certain contexts
conversation, the participants, anything that is not civil with no legitimate purpose
what you're referring to
I don't doubt it.
Euryale
we please censor slurs
mean i can vaguely imagine a polemic line of whatever, but generally speaking given the context it's pretty clear whether or not someone is trying to be (or can realize they might be considered) genuinely mean-spirited
that's fair, but for example (and this does not excuse AT all people saying "why cant IIIII say it!") did trans individuals ever go up to eachother and say something like "what's up my tr***y"?
and I don't really think that enabling that kind of thing is productive :1
i don't think intent matters, if you're replying to me
talking about the entitlement of "but why can't /i/ say it too"
just another face to "you aren't allowed to have something of your own"
hence i made sure to include "can know that" a statement may be considered unacceptable
I think there's a difference between that entitlement and close caucasian/non-black friends of black people using the word permissively
you reasonably know is the criterium - in most similar legal constructs anyway
oh... I do that /all the time/. ... but I'm trans.
also very, very important that the ending of the N word does have a very significant role in how it is perceived, in a lot of cases
A vs ER
to note that*
when culpability is a problem and must be assigned objectively,
just don't understand why it's so hard to fathom that something is off limits to you.
fair enough, and there is a significant portion of the black population that would definitely prefer no caucasians ever used any form of the N word, ever
was said and its context clearly matter a great deal
thing with 'tranny' and other reclaimed slurs is that when /I/ say that word I'm giving a very deliberate nod toward the transmisogynistic oppression /that we both face/. ... you can't give a nod to that if you're not trans. Sorry... at /best/ you're telling me 'I have a more privileged position than you but I'm a Nice Guy(tm)'
think we mostly agree here... the sense of entitlement is the issue
- the mens rea i find is also a meaningful factor when construing what the person knew or could know he was provoking
white folk shouldn't use the N word... /period, end of story/.
you think people in the future would be saying stuff like "what's up my t****y" in much of the way that black folks say "what's up my n***a" today? I'd think it's possible considering how transgenders are gaining more acceptability in society and that we'd be comfortable in our diversity to stuff like that.
I think we might somewhat come to a fork in the road in terms of our agreement there
totally happens. But it's not 'my tranny', it's just 'tranny'.
is key, obviously - sorry if i am a little more verbose than necessary, it's my background
can we not use "transgenders" as a plural noun :\
although I'd imagine there'd still be an underlying courtesy that may keep this from happening, except between friends, of course.
please don't call me... yeah
locas ;)
personally do not mind my close white friends using the word "n***a" in the same manner that my fellow people of color use it with me
aren't my close friends.
hope we'd reach a time in society where we don't have to worry about labels... or, at least, to the extent where these labels, should they ever be used, no longer carry the same negative connotations as they had in the past.
in very clearly recognizable contexts would that be used to be unkind i would think
apologies, locas.
Dirigible was quite clear that she'd prefer slurs to be censored and though I personally don't consider that word to be a slur, I think she does and I respect her quite a bit so I'm happy to oblige
rules
of course, yes
I respect you more than the rules ;p
kid.
  +Dirigible  :D
  +Dirigible  D:
  geraldbrent D:
mind was just wandering more than was necessary ;)
you know I meant it!
  +Dirigible  :D
that is to say rules, clarify a great deal both directly and indirectly. i will naturallu abide
can understand why outsiders may not understand why I would feel that way, though
in the case of n-word, for example, i believe that discussion is entirely in the hands of the black community and determinations of black folks to make themselves
not gonna be like "YALL BLACK FOLKS SHOULDN'T LET WHITEY PASS WITH THE N-WORD"
again, my issue is entirely with the entitlement
think we're 100% on the same page then
didn't doubt it~
whole "why can't I say it too!!!" thing is absurd
gross
can't say it because you're clamoring to say it
how intent got into the conversation but i don't think it's in question at all
point
oppressors reaching for something to cry over
...don't you think it's kind of impossible to both censor a word even when we are simply trying to reference it in a non-discriminatory manner? I mean, it's not the same way as referencing the "f-word" in front of children who do not know what it is... because most (if not all) of us have lost our innocence in understanding the word that
is being referenced, whether we censor it or not.
That's... a really problematic statement. The focus on 'labels' by privileged liberals is a way to deflect the attention away from the real issues. The fact is that these words will /never/ be appropriate for the privileged classes to use due to the fact that they are /inexorably/ tied to the oppression which they were /designed/ to foster.
a stranger comes up to me and says "what's up my n***a"? even if I don't think they mean it negatively, I'm probably going to instruct them, politely, to reconsider their verbiage
i don't make the rules of the channel, but I personally feel odd censoring myself with any usage of that word, yes
carumba
i'm sure we alll have elderly family memberss who say things without  realizing they may be malicious - but granted, we don't need to plan against those here
believe it or not, I don't!
I see what you mean :p
wasn't talking about this issue specific to this channel
here we can pretty safely assume they will not be making unaccceptable but perhaps innocently meant statements
I think catherine was referring to my usage of asterisks in accordance with the rules
least... I think
feel like these arguments along lines of "we're all adults here" are just sneaky ways for people trying to use slurs
they're inwardly going "YES I SNUCK ONE IN"
really, is it that hard to show solidarity by putting some asterisks in?
human communication is just rife with..humor, double entendre, hidden meaning, satire, etc
will usually however determine appropriateness and or malice
are you even on about, seriously
Dirigible is not big on humor that can cause offense
while I may not feel that way as well, I can respect it
unless it offends the privileged. We like offending the privileged :>
  +Dirigible  ^
can't forget that bit! of course haha
saltine american whitey men are garbage straight people have no fashion sense
the issue is that when white people use the N-word, in any form, 99% of the time they have no idea whether or not they may cause offense
noted - i apologize if i seem a bit ranty, let me conclude that the framework used here is sufficient to determine acceptable and unacceptable behavior :)
regards to this channel, even if you have reclaimed ownership of a slur, respect the space.
hence my usage of asterisks!
have no way of knowing if you're doing anything in good faith
a person of color can respect that, I think everyone else can :p
it were any other way we'd have 40 crackers in here saying the n-word and going "BUT I'M BLACK"
known as reddit
minefield if i start overthinking it, but it's really quite plain
yip
/honestly/ don't think context matters at all when it comes to these words. I'm sorry... but you can talk about 'context' all you want but you can /not/ erase the actual /context/ of /what these words actually fucking mean/!
can respect that opinion Euryale
certainly not going to begrudge someone for not liking the word in any context haha
good point, but that raises an issue in terms of things said in the past
you're talking about old people again, who cares about them
still capable of making good on their past
  scabdates ^^^^^^
shudder to be held to account for a contextual remark, well-received at the time, but when examined later, deemed entirely inappropriate by none involved
from "a different time" doesn't excuse shit
confused as to how I got disconnected... goodness, I hope I'm not being oppressed by own peeps.
The thing is that when a minority uses the word the context /is different/. It's no longer the oppressor either inflicting violence or just /reminding/ those in the audience of their own superiority and ability to commit violence (which is violence in and of itself, by the way). No... reclaiming these words is acknowledging that this violence happens and then /building solidarity around that shared experience/. I'm sorry... but the op
can /never do that/.
should point out i'm merely being a devils advocate here, i have no intention of finding and using some kind of loophole to be disrespectful :)
  +Dirigible  ugh
out with devil's advocate
  +Dirigible  wankery.
DO... NOT...
i apologize
Galileo was a devil's advocate, and Aristotle
that crap on reddit
american coworker speaking to rich 90 year old client
like I said, I can respect your distaste there...  but I'm not sure it's fair for you to judge whether it's okay if I, as a minority, am comfortable with my friends using the word in a certain situation, however
they all made wonderful contributions, even though everyone perceived them to have offended others.
out client used to live in his same town, asks why client moved away
replies "all the blacks started moving in"
coworkers find it hilarious
:|
catherine2
if you look at all the great thinkers... they got laughed at the scientific community, but made wonderful things
  +Dirigible  what
are you
Fair enough... but speaking as a member of another heavily stigmatized minority group I hope we can both have a conversation about it. :1
if they were killed, society would never advance
of course! always!
what are you even referring to
uh, I think devil's advocates are important... even if they make others uncomfortable.
was referring to Rothstein
if galileo idled on #geocentricism and spouted his perspective I think your point might be valid
off catherine2, Rothstein
advocate is idiotic wankery not some subset of people who have been oppressed
I got disconnecting for some reason and may not know what's going on now that I'm back
you're not taking some valiant position by playing devil's advocate
just being annoying and no one even cares
also just a derailment tactic
  catherine2  perhaps...
me show you how ~logical~ i am by having no investment in my opposing argument
why are you so mad
take it easy
I'm trying to make reference to people that appeared to dissent in view of mainstream society
not like i actually believe this~~
catherine2: stop wanking about intellectualism. The fact of the matter is that being a 'devil's advocate' is /not acceptable here/ and arguing with operators who have pointed that out is /inappropriate/.
dissent and playing devil's advocate are not even close to the same
devil's advocate /about devil's advocate/
people who improve society through their contributions were ultimately oppressed and perscuted...
the basis of devil's advocate is to make disagreement for the sake of disagreement
  +Dirigible  ^
we're not speaking about matters of substance atm, this is more about form
and some fuckwit being racist is improving society catherine
  +epi  sure
no, no they're not, fuck off
that's not what I'm getting at
of this nonsense
I'll stop
  +Dirigible  yes.
  catherine2  goodness
catherine2: if galileo idled on #geocentricism and spouted his perspective I think your point might be valid" :)
yes you will stop :p
STOP ME NOW
IM HAVING A GOOD TIME
lolol she was acting as if galileo was breaking into churches, mid-sermon, to tell them how wrong they were about their model of the solar system
mean... sheesh
  morganq "ACTUALLY-"
one of us is ever forced under threat of torture to recant a heretical position of substance pertinent to our topic, yeah, _maybe_ heh
we're nowhere near there, i quite agree
"And the lord said," "EXCUUUUUUUUUUUUSE ME."
now that that conversation was successfully derailed
need to talk, reverend. No, not in private. We can do this right here."
trolling
it was impressively subtle, I will give credit there
off kind of innocuous.... but as soon as "devil's advocate" gets thrown out, you know nobody is hoping for genuine discussion of any sort
i think generally you can tell the quality of a contributor by how long it takes them to engage the channel
do you mean?
I think people interested in learning/discourse typically idle and try to learn the lay of the land before jumping in
  scabdates ^^^^^
that get a sense of a channel before hopping in tend to be more rewarding
SCABDATES
  +Dirigible  o:
feel like a much more well-rounded person... not to get sappy on you guys or anything
NOT A GUY
  scabdates AHHHH
good reading material.
to get sappy on ANYONE HERE or anything***
  +Dirigible  n_n
to get sappy on comrades but i agree
  +Dirigible  tbh
this channel is hard
shit makes it worth it
would say one of the hardest, probably
Dirigible y'all do a good job
geez
shucks gosh darn
goshems
<3 ops
bud
  +Dirigible  <3
IT BE REBORN
john frusciante is one of my top 2 favorite guitarists ever
could talk about that :p
there's a dutch thing about him on YT
like a creative fella certainly - what's his story, scabdates
more or less the gist
considered to be among the greatest guitarists ever to grace the planet
  +epi  omg
p good
cant believe i didnt know about him
is the macquarrie dictionary's word of the year lmao
heroin addiction spawned some of the most intense and beautiful music
he's good friends with members from the mars volta, my favorite band of all time, which is why I became a fan of his
see
nice
i literally did not know that was a word until now.... I cannot believe that is a word
HOW DID YOU NOT KNOW
told me!
surprised it's not more... patriarchal
gotta hang out here more
a word born of patriarchy
just as a reference, which one is def not? :)
i see... I kind of expected to be like "a word to describe when men need to explain something to women WHO SIMPLY CANNOT GRASP THE CONCEPT IN A CONVENTIONAL MANNER"
sure you can see why I might expect that haha
the comments are all whiney men
a man is, in a heavy-handed manner, explaining something to a woman that she already knows it's complicated to say 'look, you're being a bit patronising because you're assuming that I wouldn't know that sort of thing because I am a woman' - where as you could just say to them 'you're mansplaining again' - it sums it up very nicely," she said."
MUCH no you dumbass quit mansplaining
god epi
did you make me look at comments
don't
look at the comments!!!
  +Dirigible  :|
~meninist~ tears
  +Dirigible  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
can't
reading
honestly can't ever bring myself to scrolling down there, re any post really
typosquatting
  eegor ???
i don't do it
read the comments
NO NO
  +Keilana  STOOOP
i did it without even thinking when epi said it
you know the drill!
  +Keilana  nnnnggggg
the comments never ends in anything positive
get sad when I read the comments
looked at the replies to a tweet by sam power and oh my god, not even youtube insanity, just hard core bile, hate, etc.
politically substantive btw) ofc the twitter guy admitted himself that just that was a problem they would address
are men the worst
  +Dirigible  jw
  +Keilana  trufax
of willful ignorance/malice/stupidity, methinks
forgetting entitlement
someone DCC me dinner
  eegor ok
man, it was about the noblest thing a UN ambassador could be involved with as well, just in line with everything we theoretically consider right and true in human rights frameworks- such utterly disheartening responses, wow
eegor
all know comments are bad but i dont mind admitting i was taken aback
  eegor np
a reason as any though
fact if that's the incentive it seems likely to have a greater effect right?
guess i'm an old wishy washy fart and believe in doing something because it's the right thing to do.
course agreed, but historically speaking, a practical incentive does not hurt change of his kind
also suffered too much over the years to see financial incentive as anything good even if it rarely helps.
I don't think it's as good of a reason as any, but it's better than not doing it at all
the obvious problem is what happens when trolling _is_ more profitable
you're quite right
enough
done things in the past when i was part of various groups because it was the right thing to do and it made for healthier environments and happier people all around.
funnily it made the groups more successful at the time.
and socially.
unfortunately i find it difficult to connect to such idealism in it's pure form if you like - i think it may be a generational thing or probably just me but it feels more powerful when the right thing can also be made viable
can't say 'oh that's how they did it in the olden days because reasons.' now it's just plain and brutal truth that the people on top are not relinquishing a damn thing and make sure to keep it that way under rubbish social guises.
  +Dirigible  ehhhhhh
adds an element of consensus to which there is no compelling counter from at least an economic perspective
makes everything gross
yeah that's it right there.
- but ignoring it seems unwise in some cases
it out.
is after all a cold, cold system - indifferent
part of why patriarchy is a destructive force always and ever.
you may be interested in ##socialism
ah i'll check them out thanks. i didn't think of myself as a socialist. i don't know what i am anymore. thanks :)
it can be leveraged whichever way the business case sways it - and that to me feels in a way supportive
leftie types in there, but generally pretty good
always just saw capitalism as another tentacle of the patriarchypus.
awesome to know that because i've had so many traumatic experiences on efnet channels like that.
it tries to tend toward incorporation of feminism in leftism
more than other spaces, i hear
property is not something i can in good conscience get behind
hot damn that's for me i reckon.
  +Dirigible  n_n
I... am having trouble understanding what you actually think about... anything
seem to have rather contradictor feelings on matters
regardles i feel it does represent a not insignificant factor which may warrant my understanding
sorry - i mean to facilitate change in a peaceful, non violent way
it's that devil's advocate in them
i'd like to know is how a disabled woman programmer/web dev can survive silly valley and beyond. because, Rothstein, capitalism's incentives ain't helping.
and server admin. talk about skillzors.
crap at design but oh well.
far less skilled/talented make all the big bucks in this system. in the patriarchy.
know some quite competent woman programmers who couldn't take silly valley anymore and left
took them seriously at any jobs
yeah that's what i'm so sad about. :(
think i'm on my final legs, no pun, here with that stuff.
to hear :/
been thinking of moving back to europe, somewhere.
different about silly valley than other places?
tech crap
with some social contract that protects the poor.
than*?
even more of a coherent culture here
forget what word i was going for
yeah it's the same everywhere really, you're right there. it's just that i'm here and directly affected and hence bitter as all get out.
other places you can just be a programmer in sort of a general city atmosphere
here the culture is everywhere, billboards advertise cloud hosting etc
just concentrated?
i think that's the best way of putting it. it's everywhere including in the coffee and your food.
call san francisco a ghetto for rich people who produce nothing of real value now.
people can't live here anymore and even the outlying areas are well expensive.
well, IT i feel did make the world more whts the word? i hesitate to say egalitarian of course, because capital leverages in its favor,
the real creatives like musicians and writers and whatnot left.
yeah i disagree because the reality is it didn't.
old and i don't see this change you're talking about.
  Rothstein right
it's true that this did not manifest the way i would have wanted it to-
definitely a dream of what tech can be
we live under capitalism so the dream is kinda irrelevant
people from all over, do travel to places where they can do their tier1 work
i agree the social effects of that dynamic are not necessarily desirable
the people you talk about are all white males who have all the priviledge. sorry. that's what i am surrounded by.
overwhelmingly that is correct, even here we pride ourselves on women heading up CERT teams whatnot but it all feels highly symbolic
valley, home of the vibrant white hipster guy, pushing out my incredible black neighbours since gentrification.
it's worse than token.
is still verymuch a white kids game
race, obv gender
a way all these attributes appear to be increasingly divisive in tech
perhaps IT is not the best example here, no, you are right
i've personally suffered it i know it all too well. :)
beyond that,..
well familiar with this ugly face of things.
a traditional discipline, in my case law, is reforming towards a more equalized system - certainly here, NL
  +Dirigible  lol
of my graduating class in law school was female and there are now more female prosecutors than male counterparts - judges are not far behind. nothing to do with technology, but quite nooticable
yeah worked in law firms as well. boy was that interesting. did that in both san francisco and london. i reckon NL is a bit more foward thinking than the rest but recently i hear that king over there told people their 'free ride' was over regarding certain social contracts which is funny coming from a top parasite.
  scabdates whoops
haha
i'm very, very bad when it comes to entering things in the wrong location on weechat :\
mm yes the King is rather a ..fiefdom of his own
oh yeah i have to try that client out! i imagine you'll get a lot of that from me in future as well. :))
to get away from irssi.
a king, in and of itself, is pretty hilarious.
scabdates
is. and a queen, as well :)
argentine one at that
I have the same issue with all terminal clients, but weechat was a nice step up from irssi imho
just some idiot with a title who gets free money and doesn't even rule over anything. what the hell is that? :)
ahhh, collective identity, who knows.. why the star spangled banner?
yes same here that's why i'm willing to see if at least something a bit better can be had. i'm so sick of irssi for so many reasons. i also don't want to learn perl for scripting it.
the dutch case its even weirder as this was a republic until napoleonic rule
i don't know but i think collective identity is a construct placed on other people just like being told that when you're born somebody can rule over you because you were born within fake lines on the earth.
dieu et mon droit
it's hilarious the dutch still pledge allegiance to spain. what kind of collective identity is that? :D
if nto self-deprecating
for soccer finals ;P
weechat accepts perl, python, ruby, lua, tcl and guile... i don't script too much (i use a few official scripts) but i prefer its defaults to irrsi for largely arbitrary reasons :p
we're a historical curiosity and we know it tinystoat - neutral in ww1, then forced into nato and all the rest of it after the nazis
funny detail is the palace in amsterdam
was built as the town hall you see, and is full of not-very-royal ornaments
executing the tyrant, whatnot
oh me and some friends have all had it with that client as well for those arbitrary reasons i've just been too unmotivated to pick up something new lately. oh please don't let me become a fossil using things only because they're familiar! :D
i think the modern support for the royalty here is the perceived added value in dealing with say, russia
yeah i've been thinking about moving there but meh. it's six of one and half a dozen of the other so i'm not sure what will be a good european country for me at the moment.
people know other powerful people - more than any PM of a small country which must live by its wits, so if a royal presence at some kind of event or delegation helps, let it
yeah brainwashing is powerful.
motto is i will maintain, je maintiendrai - i must say i find it difficult to listen to a king a few years my senior
his predecessor, had that air of age and wisdom about her words
as you say, it is fantasy
don't listen to anybody on top. a social parasite turns me off, it seems.
brainwashing.
bunk, baby. :)
powerful bunk indeed

sorry
weechat? :D
  +Dirigible  hahaha
i need to instal this stuff and try it out.
  scabdates aha!
  +Keilana  ??
i couldn't even get online there wow do i feel silly. :D i'll read weechat instructions later.
config is a nightmare via commandline, i prefer to copy said files
are you building
sorry, misread
oh it's already installed on this server it seems so i just opened it and tried it out and it wasn't quite standard in my experience. i always thought you could type /server irc.chatserver.here but doesn't work that way for this client.
tend to just do command line as i get all confused with the config files and always screw something up so that the client can't start.
yeahh it does consider servers something you connect to and /help server is about list enumeration
am i thinkin of irssi.. ugh using both makes it even worse remembering
adding servers get frustrating in a hurry for me, i lose sight of the topology network, server, flags, port, host.. well you understand :)
thank goodness for 'no one way to do it'
fates
somebody who decided that somewhere
never used it. didn't know if it actually worked.
paranoid. ;)
not inviting ofc to a normal user channel
  scabdates ugh
what's wrong with XMPP w/ OTR?
team got called for a few fouls tonight, and one of their players suggested refereeing may "not be for her" in regards to a female ref that called some of the fouls
  scabdates jesus.
nothing, nothing! just a bit more laborious than say a plain vanilla webclient
is all the rage these days :)
plain vanilla webclient is... :1
eeeew!
well if there are webbased ones that properly manage clientside end2end crypto, sure fine
inorite. meh. same old same old.
chats always crash on me.
yeah i mean you're basicallly abusing your browser
are not acceptable in that application, actually :1
false sense of security
that's how i feel about it. javascript can only do so much especially with giant memory leak like firefox.
would rather defeat the purpose to rely on browsers yea
yeah like kim dotcom's new 'secure' webchat. egadz.
to end fish is not exactly elegant, but it is demonstrably end to end an irc solution i guess
opsec is correctly applied etc, of course
use lynx as much as i humanly can because most of the time i'm just looking up client information or some other kind of research. usually it's when the web dev comes in that i'll only open up the browsers. such memory hogs.
sorry... but Kim Dotcom isn't exactly what I would consider an authoritative source :1
indeed not!
even refuse to say dotcom
schmitz, the fatzo with his kimvestor scam
people who don't know will trust that bloke.
those awful self aggrandizing pictures back then
it's not that javascript is limited (though in some ways it is because of how you can't securely handle the encryption keys given the lack of manual memory management)... the problem is that end-to-end encryption is meant to protect you from evesdropping by your service provider which, in this case, is giving you a brand new copy of the client every time you log in. :1
the extent that your browser doesnt leak <#
mm yeah i didn't even think of that part. i just feel that since browers have been so easily hacked in the past it's never worth trusting something so insecure for anything you don't want to be monitored on. i mean this in the context of ease of hackability.
well as mikko h says, nobody can protect you
james bond
is no cyber defense against unlimited resources and technology
not the most leet person out there i didn't actually start learning to programme until i was 36 and haven't had the time to understand the more esoteric stuff. it was all pretty much a survival move since so i hope i can get to a place where i understand more and more the intricacies of these blasted machines.
preventing dragnet collection as in ACLU v Clapper with phonerecords, or other private interest groups, those can be kept fairly well out
you heard the aclu v clapper case?
is mikko h
an AV vendor, less crazy than mcafee- and finnish
only clapper i know was the lightswitch control.
what the feelings on appelate argument are but if you ever have some time to look into at least the mass phone surveillance, www.c-span.org/video/?321163-1/aclu-v-clapper-oral-argument-phone-record-surveillance for the backburner
would be a good idea to run your web browser in a virtual machine. Suffice to say that at /least/ 90% of desktop computer break-ins occur through the browser
  Rothstein jup
and that's including stupid teenagers downloading 'free' games :1
talkin to you, pdf / flash plugins ;x
should be tried in the hague for unleashing its pdf reader and flash on end-users
hosts file and noscript have been seriously good buddies. sadly i'm on such old machines i can't have an additional VM running for the moment but i'll do that when circumstances change.
  +Dirigible  nerds
  +Dirigible  n_n
I'm not just a nerd, I'm a /paranoid/ nerd
  +Dirigible  paranerd
me in!
thought thats like basic uni policy anywhere
the weird thing, i guess they were all over the place until this was formalized
in my uni there was a professor who had  a gf from the student body and changed it every year
ever was done about it
but that's spain eh
  modulus yep
was considered a private matter
thank you franco.
  +Keilana  bloop
  eegor blarp
modulus
they're even arrested at all.
hot apple cider craving outta nowhere
cloves?
maybe all people need chestcams now that google glass is a no-go
insurance reasons
yeah, that capitalism thing again.
i think we all agree about crimes against humanity being bad?
not sure that's a contentious issue
i'm pretty clear on how capitalism gets its way and insurance really doesn't mean too much to me when horrible things are happening as perpetrated by our supposed protectors, the police, for example.
see. so transparency is a myth in any case?
that's really what i meant when i was talking about perpetrators of violence being consistently let off for their violence no matter how well documented.
well isn't that obvious? :)
things are recorded on camera and still nothing happens, it makees it questionable the problem is with too few cameras
i think we do try?
who tries?
courts?
yeah and they are the ones consistently letting perpetrators of violence off so they aren't very transparent are they?
mean public judicial rulings are not trnasparent enough?
seem effectively immune from the courts
where is this magical transparency you bespeak?
process does not exist?
they like, ever ever get sentenced?
nope.
  Rothstein oh.
are words.
if that assumption breaks, i can't help you
mean nothing.
aren't helping in any case. :)
with weapons
  tinystoat police?
enforce this bit of paper
they don't.
consistent evidence to the contrary.
in some cases they do not?
to state they never do is clearly untrue
i'm wondering what universe you live in that you can make the statements you are making unless you're somebody who is oblivious overall?
you mean the exceptions that prove the rule?
practice law
few very few times they actually do something?
i admit i have a stake in this
and what does that matter when people are getting away with murder who are supposed to be protecting populations?
there's theft and rape and other abuses going on by these 'sworn protectors'?
  tinystoat :)
it's not just america.
sounds political, but legally?
may well be guilty
of war criminals?
for show i suppose?
well now i think you're more than oblivoius and before i get to ad hominem stage i'm going to stop with you right here because i think you're trolling.
is disappointing
know this, the law is not just theoretical
is not solely concerned with criminal law either ;/
anyway if you ever want to clarify some of your objections, always welcome in the politics channel
  Frusciante  politics?!
a red flag when somebody invites you to that cesspool channel. :/
i just felt i would deflect it from here, was i wrong?
about that BS, tinystoat.
didn't even read the convo, I just saw that someone rec'd that channel haha
  +Dirigible  librulism
a virus
is an interesting topic but it's convoluted as heck
lot of that is by necessity, but it makes a worthwhile discussion of it difficult
no problem thank you so much though. no problem i know you can't live on irc although i wish we could sometimes (yeah i have no life).
either)
  tinystoat :D
uhhh)
  tinystoat hahahaha!
yeah i've worked in law firms and worked with police and was even a legal secretary and process server at one time and it's all just fail to me personally just from all the scary stuff i saw going on.
of the time disagreements stem from more ethical concerns than just practical law application
it's easier to talk about ethics and morality in abstract
people can find that tedious
true.
though, when people defend things like the death penalty
face is just like "heh"
the thief who fell through somebody's wonky skylight, sued, and won.
god yeah.
do your eyebrows do the thing
i forgot to mention all the dodgy corrupt things i did in the legal system to 'get things done' like passing season tickets and other bribes.
yeah
is something that's almost impossible to combat in the large scale, haha, it really blows
:(
a way I understand the people who want to just wipe everything clean and start again, but the problem is that will never be possible
amen
Frusciante, are you a feminist?
man I hate feminazis
  Frusciante  (yes)
use of that term was not sincere)
about your use of "man"
that's a good point
been working on cutting down on that, but it's a tough thing to kick haha
it is
don't even assume everyone is specifically a guy when I say it
know
habits
like people try to argue that "hey guys" is gender neutral
bonk is that
i remember when 'dude' was also all the rage.
  tinystoat meh
"nah man, bro is totally gender neutral"
then i lost it when the term for female dog became as common as 'girl'.
one is pretty annoying
know -girl- i was thinking....'
still don't really understand why feminists still use it, tinystoat
story, bro.
oh god do they? :/
don't even see it as worthy of reclaiming
as terms of derision
other ways too
agree and i'll tell you another thing i was about when the term n***a became acceptable to use amongst the peers of mine who were african american and holy crapola all i could think was: You've been duped! What the hell are you doing calling yourself terms that have been used to degrade you forever?!
do NOT think there is such a think as reclaiming when it's a nasty term since dot or it's a term used for describing female animals of other species.
my thoughts.
definitely not my place to comment on
am a little prickly on that so please if i am talking rubbish i don't want to talk rubbish anymore.
people defend the use of the term "fag" to me, that's when my eyebrows get strained
that i'm irish and north african i got a lot of crap for being 'not white' and i didn't fit into other groups either.
censor slurs
my bad
shall henceforth
i learnt that watching another chat in channel as well.
there's a lot of debate about that within the black community, i reckon
oh yes been there as well.
america i'm 'high yellow' and in england i'm a 'half caste'.
i don't think b***h is really being reclaimed in any way
  Frusciante  yeah
yeah my thought as well.
really? Feels otherwise to me.
so?
than a magazine title I have no specific examples, but I don't get the impression it's uncommon to be used positively by women. (Men get nothin on it thx)
don't know how it can be reclaimed when it's still so often used by women against others.
don't think it's really positive, it's just less meaningful as a word to people now
in part to its saturation in the language
  +alialliallie sure
that's my impression.
definitely used to be one of those people who called myself that
that was quite a while ago now, i guess
i remember when my girlfriends started calling themselves that in the 80's and saying it was reclaiming something and empowering them and i never bought into it.
just felt like it was falling in line with the patriarchy and that the perpetrators on top were laughing about it.
that group of women who run about topless as 'protestors'. i don't think they helping anybody.
think it's a sort of display of how people can be tricked into thinking and acting on something that isn't in their best interests.
definitely legitimate arguments to make about reclamation
idk, i've seen too much double sided-ness with that word
i guess i should read up more on what people say and see if my thinking changes or becomes more entrenched. that will be interesting.
that's the thing for me.
get disconnected when I'm in the middle of writing a thoughtful message :1
someone /query me the last bit of what I wrote so I can paste what didn't get broadcast?
  +Dirigible  ok
  +Euryale  thanks~
i didn't see anything before you did sorry. damn nothing in the buffer.
paranoid nerd! :D
it ate /all/ of it=
  +Euryale  lovely
I can't speak for racial slurs but I can speak for transgender slurs. When I call a friend a tr**y it's /explicitly/ acknowledging exactly what that word is. I'm not pretending that the word is a nice word or that it's not a word whose entire reason for existence is to hurt us. I'm specifically /calling attention to/ the fact that it is a hateful word.
... in this way I am able to build solidarity with my trans sister.
that's what makes the use of the word /reclaimatory/.
/is/ a violent word that is used to hurt us. We're using the hatred directed /at/ us and turning it into a tool to build solidarity /among/ us so that we are better able to resist violence perpetrated toward us.
the point of reclaiming a slur isn't to make it not a slur. The point of reclaiming a slur is specifically to tap into that poisonous word and wield it into something positive, if that makes /any/ sense.
does the trans community suffer people who use the term derogatorily and not?
thank you reading now!
how do you mean?
as i had said with b***h, i see women using it as a symbol of "strength" or something but also using it as a derogatory term toward other people, men and women both
not just women, other feminists too
is why i don't feel it's really being reclaimed
you mean where it's used not as a 'strength' word but as a violence word to cause harm
it's used like that to some small degree
I think it's used /much/ more for uplift than it is to harm
agree though that bi**h is used much more to hurt other women than to uplift us
and that's a really good point. I've never actually thought of that distinction before.
would be different if the same people who were trying to reclaim it didn't so often use it against others
thank you very much for your thoughtful explanations. i must read them again a few times so that i can digest what you're saying as i can see my emotional gut reaction kicking in to see anything other than what i've been conditioned to. thank you for giving me a very new perspective on this issue!
think a lot of the women who use bi--h are not trying to reclaim it in any conscious sense
tinystoat :3
think claiming their use of it is reclaimation is an afterthought, often
love being able to have a good conversation about this for once instead of .... drama!
least among my peer group, though, tr**y is not used as a /greeting/.
question, wouldn't "reclaiming" the word b***h be to start using it solely for female dogs?  I would think the word reclaim implies that it was at some point in the past USED as a POSITIVE thing, and now it's being "reclaimed" to mean that once again, but wasn't it always a negative thing (except for when it was just a female dog)
  +Dirigible  no
reclamation isn't contingent on it being used positively before
interesting.
my limited knowledge, i can't think of any slurs where that was the case
i can think of is where basic words were distorted into hatred
I don't think female dogs should be referred to as bi--ches
sorry... but in the context of the culture the word is used in, I don't care how 'correct' it is, it's wrong.
indeed I can totally understand that
can't really use a word separated from its cultural history
to that.
sorry... but I just blink at dog people who use that word. I can /sorta/ excuse if a woman does it but...
when a man does it it /certainly/ puts a bad taste in my mouth.
think now that I've articulated it in writing I'll be able to speak up on specifically /why/ this is a problem.
I can call it out next time I see it.
i blow up a lot at stuff like that.
just... the use of that term for female dogs just reeks of the kind of pseudointellectual 'debate' that you see going on in fedora spaces.
with me i'm so wound up over it i merely... blow up! i don't bother explaining anymore i just scream at them to not talk around me that way anymore and grow up.
  +Euryale  trillby?
was making a joke about hats.
  +Euryale  oh!
  tinystoat :D
is it trilby?
also tired as hell so typing badly.
kinda feel bad that the freaking fedoras had to ruin fedoras :1
should feel bad, not you
'cuz when I see myself in drag, it's always in a fedora :p
maybe... maybe that could be /part of the act/
could never admit that outloud even if it were true
I may've been out of line even bringing that up, so I apologize for that
because of the grossness around fedoras now
no... it's okay. gave everyone a chance to really get our teeth into the topic.
seriously! Think about it! If I'm going to parody masculinity shouldn't I parody fedora-dom?
  +Dirigible  :c
are so many other aspects of masculinity to parody
  +Euryale  yeah
you gonna also drink mountain dewritos
yay
  +Dirigible  and
  +Dirigible  idk
don't wanna think about fedoras anymore
you got to draw the line when it comes to your health
  +Dirigible  lol
is gonna be flappy bird right
a woman calling herself zigmund void as a dj name to parody freud and his misogyny?
wow i misread that and missed the ltter 'l'.
i got friendzoned by hitting the mtn dew can
  speak Hahahaahaa
  morganq typical.
  tinystoat !
flappy fedora to get what i'm saying)
only clicked it after you said that
done
haha i thought i was missing some major culural link there.
often wonder about Fedora GNU/Linux...
  +Dirigible  >_>
it's like, the epitome of fedora/neckbeard culture...
is seriously hilarious, thanks void|afk :D
void|afk hey funny link thanks! wow i'm slow today
is also my first introduction to actually playing flappy bird, and I'm glad it was through flappyfedore
i'm just so sad over all the social fail by a bunch of people who have nothing better to do on the Titanic than rearrange snarky deck chairs.
even had a friend who used to hang out in an arch linux women's channel and saw the same drivel.
logs were depressing.
was mansplaining and derailing all over again.
  +Dirigible  yeeeeeeep
think some people here have burned some serious emotional energy on that channel
shit? i thought it was just my imagination.
you. holy crap did i feel gaslighted reading the logs and then some of my own experiences.
so here's an interesting question: Let's say reclamation worked in a way like a lot of the privileged class thinks it works. Let's say that through decades of reclaiming a word it /does/ lose its toxic connotations. Considering that we can't critically think about things we can't articulate, how would this alter our ability to relate to our troubled past?
I'm touching on Sapir-Whorf)
and yes, that /is/ the most awesome name for a social science conjecture in the history of everything)
3deep5me
should be sleeping
put mah soshul siencez in ur feminizms, brah
same. stupid clients in far away places.
haha
yeah so this is where i come to understand about critically thinking about things we can't articulate. i think about when i had to learn, in therapy, how to feel, have emotions, and then identify what those emotions were.
you asked me how i felt i'd respond with what happened in a situation and how i was wronged or something bad happened.
i couldn't actually simply say: i'm angry.
because of that i wasn't able to clearly communicate in some very needed ways in order to resolve a situation or what have you.
gaslighting of emotional capacity?
from that i do believe that it does altar our ability to relate to our troubled past.
yeah i grew up with a lot of violence and abuse.
yeah, that'll do it.
actually including poverty and starvation.
  tinystoat yep.
i shut down very fast and that had to be undone with a lot of hard work.
when i read what you asked that's how i identified with what you were asking and hence that's my answer.
I actually waffle on the idea of censoring slurs /because/ of that.
holy crap, it is horrible when you're completely cut off from a huge part of yourself. what made you what you are and knowing about it and how to talk about it and why you choose to do and behave as you do for instance.
on one hand I believe that censoring slurs preserves their power and that this is a bad thing because it gives the slurs increased power to hurt us.
but on the other hand perhaps their power to hurt us /should/ be preserved because they help us relate to the hatred and bigotry that we have to face on a daily basis. ... or the bigotry that our forebears had to face.
but mtn dew
funny because when i see them in print my first reaction is extreme anger even though say, in a channel like this, it's actually used in a descriptive format. so first i have to calm myself down and then read what is being said. yeah, lot of ptsd going on here but i know it's a life-time process so i keep that in check. but yeah i agree with what you say about preserving something because i think
in this context we need to never forget just how awful it is.
i see younger generations have been normalised to say all the spying going on and assume that privacy is gone forever and too bad i remember what privacy was like.
:1
the same for slurs and any other kind of hate or oppression.
systems in place promote apathy
yes yes yes they do.
like i said the other day we're all living in our own venn diagrams from hell.
of those venn diagrams are more generalised like patriarchy in all its forms such as religion or capitalism.
others are more personal in what we suffer on a personal basis within those systems or from abusive family members etc.
there are so many easily idnetifiable patterns there.
when it's normalised then people like me who grew up with so much horrible crap think that somebody we think of as a friend who is abusive and manipulative is just fine.
yeah i agree the systems in place really desensitise people to the reality of what is actually happening to them throughout their lives.
my father beat me and i turned out fine!'
often wonder if that's a big reason why a lot of women are serial abusees :1
in my opinion i think it is.
serial abusee
example why are little boys not raised to learn to cook and clean and shop and be nurturing and sew?
that's the magical job of all the girls and women.
it's so normalised you don't see mums saying: wait a fucking minute you need to learn this just as much as your sister or i did!
that happened already there'd be a huge paradigm shift.
yeah same i had terrible husbands.
were the 'good guys' who never hit but never seemed to cook or clean or get a dam thing done about the flat or be responsible as they should have, as adults.
on top emotionally horrible.
so damn prevalent!
for me who is now very angry and bitter i have these strong reactions to things because i've been pushed right into a corner so badly. it's why i react with rage at somebody's normalised patriarchal behaviour and i actually wish more women did it because nothing changes when you're polite. :x
  tinystoat imho.
you're so welcome it took me A LONG DAMN TIME to learn about THAT guy.
'nice guy'.
first husband was a 'nice guy' who played allthe games.
his woman feminist boss would come round ours for dinner he'd suddenly grab the apron and cooking things off of me and pretend he made the meal.
need to throw this out there: Hard to not end up being a serial abusee if you get together with guys at all because 99% of guys out there seem to be just as bad as the others...
a lesbian... in my case my abusers were women :1
said nasty hurtful things and gaslighted me to the point i would right down WHY i was upset with him and WHY i felt he was wrong so that when he started to bring me round to his way of thinking i'd read that little bit of paper and retain the real reasons for what was going on.
yes sorry i've had some girlfriends as well.
wish there was more discussion about domestic violence in the lesbian community. :1
i do as well because i remember when doing some classes in San Francisco learning that there was a high level of rape amongst the lesbian commiunity blew me away.
also other abuses that were never talked about ever but tolerated.
my gosh...
made all the time for this and that.
super unhealthy behaviours.
i'm fun at parties. :x
just bad behaviours all over i don't want to make it sound like one group is worse.
literally the /only/ way that I survived my most nightmarish relationship. Everything felt so much like my fault or 'just in my head' that I literally had to latch on to one or two /specific instances/ that I had to rehearse in my head and dissect and realize that there was /literally no possible way/ to spin them as not-abusive...
girlfriends were lovely.
  tinystoat yep!
can so relate.
hey... remember that time you did [unspeakable thing]? Thanks for that... you probably saved  me five years of therapy!" </snark> :1
man though... 'good guy abusers' :1
:((
think, at this point in my life I believe that a partner who wants you to feel emotionally dependent on them is...
sorry i'll say it: evil.
if that isn't abuse in its own right it's a red flag so huge it would make Lenin weep.
evil.
tired of that paradigm and all the trauma that goes with it.
gosh yeah when you're gaslighted it's one of the worst things.
if you come from a painful childhood you have no sense of self to protect so you are like a sponge for that sort of thing.
don't know about your past so i can't say more but that was the case for me and i've seen that pattern a lot in abusive relationships.
childhood? I was diagnosed with autism at a very young age and my parents fetishized it. It wasn't abuse in the normal sense but it was an extremely... twisted childhood.
best mate grew up with weight issues so he's a mess when it comes to being emotionally safe with herself being attractive and because of that, along with a weirdo father and mum who never spoke about anything, it really made her incapable of putting up the boundaries or leaving asap when somebody became abusive in a relationship.
oh yeah holy crap. :/
less mysticism than the indigo child crap but the same basic idea
was talking to somebody in query the other night and i said that's what i call 'original sin'. parents passing their fucked-up-ness onto their children.
was fetishized as the 'little professor' or the 'Spock'
bargle.
i remember when somebody told me about that indigo child stuff, for example.
haha enjoy!
have you been able to get any profesional therapy or?
Yeah... some, not much.
think the best therapy I could ever hope was really educating myself on radical politics and embracing it.
to bring up old shit but yeah i'm one of those people who spent way too much emotional energy on #archlinux-women
yeah i hope your journey through life is one where you can be safe and find yourself and have some wonderful adventures on top.
you! <3
hope you've found that foundation of safety as well.
thank you yeah i just was so angry with that place in a very short amount of time. and i was pissed off that they seemed even worse than a lot of misogynists i've met. i'm sad taht that sort of place exists when we NEED more women in linux environments. i also fiound linux chix enitrely unsatisfactory so i hightailed it out of there after 10 minutes.
my gosh... I wonder if we could create an explicitly feminist women's GLUG :>
thank you i am happy to tell you after a lot of hard work and crazy life stuff i'm in a very good place and finally have a foundation to work on. it only took me 40 years but i made it! :D you can too and hopefully a hell of a lot sooner! :)) <3
  +Euryale  yes!
i'm so happy to do that if possible. this is the first healthy women's channel i've ever found.
a noob at linux and i've been using it 5 years.
i love my bash scripts. ;))
on arch linux at the moment.
i'm fed up with system d so i'm moving to gentoo.
lol
I think #gnu-women is reasonably healthy as well but it's /so quiet/ except when a serious fedora is abusing women in #gnu. :1
that'll work until applications start depending on systemd in some  way :P
Also... I have a channel for trans women that is (hopefully) very positive as well.
holy crap okay i never knew about that that. must go idle there! thank you!
then i'll die on my feet and not on my knees. :) until then systemd can push off. ;:)
Eeeeeviiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil
i'm not trans but i love meeting new people, learning, having new experiences, and if you feel i'll be a positive for your channel please let me know!
just waiting for systemd to gobble something absurd like dbus or coreutils....
seriously :\
womens' channel is not a feminist channel. they are just totally different things, sadly.
oh hang on
we trans women know that /all too well/
guess it seemed inevitable
yeah i've seen some serious hate for trans women and i am pretty intolerant of that kind of fail. oppresssed people putting other oppressed people down for moot reasons piss me off. ;))
me my init scripts back!
I'm torn, because on the one hand, init scripts are awful, but on the other hand a monolithic linux environment is also an awful idea...
sure systemd is backwards compatible with rc.d scripts. anyway...
yes exactly the problem, but I'll say the latter still sounds even worse
we have to have the systemd debate in here?
sorry, that was a bit derailing of me to latch onto that
yeah see that's just it, i'd rather stick to what linux IS about which is NOT systemD because i'm a bigger picture person and not interested in becoming another herded cat for corporations. that's where systemD is headed IMHO.
oh  sorry no problem i'll stop!
i'm slow reading today.
not laying down the law or anything lol
Yes... there is that. I was thinking more of the blind acceptance of patriarchal bullshit.
no you're right though it's a bit of a meh convo.
I used to moderate a trans forum online but was slut-shamed and forced to leave when I came out about another member on the forum having abused me.
ffs.
was very, VERY personal for me but I've seen /that exact thing/ happen over and over again in trans womens' spaces.
if not exactly that but very similar
and conquered.
lot of trans spaces shield abusers who are trans in a very big way.
tinystoat: do you know about #geekfeminism?
think abusers are so well shileded in so many groups of society, it's the norm to protect the sociopaths.
i did not thank you!
wants to address the fact that some of the biggest predators of trans women are /other trans women/
give it a go. =))
I'd be in there right now if I was on my real computer which can actually handle all the tabs.
hard to NOT protect sociopaths. because that means when brave people speak the truth we have to SUPPORT THEM 100%
so much easier to be scared
not be the angry b*tch
yep that's the pattern i've seen.
yeah it's painful to hear that about the trans women let alone see that pattern everywhere.?6~
a woman i've been 'that angry b****' and oh boy all the years of backlash over THAT.
to show half assed support by tone policing ourselves and get pats on the back for being more reasonable in comparison
i just stand up and shout: TROLL!
then i'm the one screamed at. haha
you know what?
horrible as it's been i am so happy i'm me and that i do do that.
like to be ONE LESS part of hte problem.
hard as hell but holy crap i can live with myself.
lot of people just don't have the tools to challenge the voices screaming in their own brains that you suck
it's interesting what allows a person to be strong.
other big dynamic in play with trans spaces is that so many of the explicitly trans spaces are 'support' spaces (yuck... I'll rant about /that/ another time) and when you end up actually /abused/ by one of these creeps and you're still at least partially gaslighting yourself. Well... would you want to deny someone their base of support just because /you/  might be a little /uncomfortable/ with someone who 'did something you're uncomfortable
  +Euryale  with'?!
fact when you look at a lot of amazing things that have happened in social movements it was often the women, not the men, who did the most courageous things. so i'm happy to be 'that' one.
no! That would... compound trauma upon trauma!
nice well meaning people will be like "yeah you're right, ambient social messages, my good friend does suck for standing up for what's right! fuck them!"
it's much, much easier to just disappear yourself :1
yeah that's a horrible place to be.
reminds me of the stepfather i had who was a known serial rapist and child molestor.
groomed me for decades and he was the one who took my virginity raping me.
a piece of shit :1
the worst part was he gave me money for it to socially cover his ass.
he understood that in the patriarchal dynamic people would eschew seeing me as a victim if i was acting as a prostitute in their eyes.
he covered his ass real good there.
so i got horrible shit from people who should have NOT ONLY SUPPORTED me but also should have reported his ass years ago.
disgusting.
:1
know because of my dear old stepfather.
got away with it with all sorts.
when you mention these communities and that sort of dynamic i recognise it very well.
fact there was an excellent article about this very thing in jezebel the other tday.
don't know how you lot feel about that site but this was a admn good read.
think if anybody takes /anything/ away from Bill Cosby--and you know the only thing they're taking away from it was ~but he seemed so niiiiice~--was that he was able to get away with raping /so many women/  for /so long/.
many people came forward?!
gotta sleep but i love you all. stay you.

sleep well! =)
you!
yar <3
too!
yep.
lot more women came forward thank you'll ever hear about but very few got to be HEARD!
THAT is why I never trust /that guy/ who always shows up to the women's lib meetings :1
Am I the only person here who gets suspicious of guys who actively participate in feminist spaces because they know it puts them in a position to be trusted by women?
plus there's the fact that a lot of women turn to radical politics following sexual trauma and are thus in a /very vulnerable state/. :1
fuck i never trust him either.
  tinystoat yep!
just meh.
meetings are like... the perfect prowling ground for predatory men and that makes women's only spaces /all the more important/
and any 12 step groups.
i sure as hell do not advocate going to ANY 12 step group.
want to make that perfectly clear.
god yes :1
that anybody is in here dbouting me. :D
definitely doubted the veracity of one of my abuser's transitions.
simply because if they wanted to pick up vulnerable trans women the place they picked me up in was a support group and that is /exactly where you would go to find prey/
but to get in, you need to be trans :1
predators are everywhere in every form.
  tinystoat :/
  +Euryale  :1
pretty funny that, eh?
  +Euryale  yup
'funny' i mean.
rather how ironic but is that the alanis irony?
always puts me in kinda a funny position whenever I'm dating 'cuz it's very not uncommon for me to find a woman who I'm mutually attracted to in a trans space or a feminist space and they end up expressing trust for me and I'm like "NO! No! I COULD BE A BAD PERSON WHY ARE YOU TRUSTING ME?!!!!"
morning
morning! i hope you're well and safe. :)
this is what evil person looks like! RUN AWAY!
but that's probably scarring from gaslighting :1
tachikoma
haha funny i've been like that in various ways as well. may i venture to say that from personal experience i have internalised people's projections and done exactly as you described as well?
NOT funny. just 'funny that'.
language. :D
I understood
fine, thanks. Hope you feel well as well :)
yeah gaslighting sucks.
think likewise in survivor's spaces...
yes i think i can at least speak for myself and say i'm having a lovely late night. thanks :)
having a /great/ night
  tinystoat :D
gaslighting. cor i'd love to go on more about my 'good guy' husband but i think you got the point there.
his own brother told him he was a wanker for it right in front of me.
I've yet to meet a survivor who does /not/ understand what it feels like to be told they are the abuser. :1
always NEVER hear when i'd say something to him so i'd have to repeat it. 'what?' i said...! even then his brother asked him why he was always making me repeat myself when everybody else heard what i'd said perfectly clearly.
yeah - it's that sociopath pattern!
everything up and turn the victim into the perpetrator.
so happy i don't have these issues anymore.
have OTHER issues but not that one!
wonder how much of that could be due to the fact that women-run companies are more in-tune with women customers and women clients and are thus more agile than male-run companies?
if that makes any sense at all.
I need to head to bed.
ah i have a theory but please i can wait on that.
well :))
veyr much for your time and energy it was wonderful talking with you!
  +Euryale  :3
wow thank you so much that makes me feel so good i can't tell you how much that makes me feel good and happier.
i ever become a problem just tell me and i'll leave.
rather not hurt or upset anybody.
you seem feminist enough to me...
you're a woman...
think you're a woman?)
yes!
deffo a woman.
to me i am. :))
if you ever change your mind, let me know and I can hook you up ;)
haha wonderful ;)) will do!
with great music work is so much more enjoyable :)
why would i read the comments on that summary... :/
comments? Sorry I don't get it.
the article there are user comments
of them, predictable, are awful.
i didn't see her mention that anybody should read them. i thought tachikoma focussed solely on the summary.
should read any comments, they are predictably awful. ;)
did not see or read those, I just read the article and afterwards saw that it was refeerenced on technologyreview, thought one might not want to got through the full paper but maybe just look at the article about it
was merely lamenting my own poor decision to read the comments
suspect s/why would/why did/ would've been clearer
ok, sorry to hear - i don't read many comments anyway, not using twitter or facebook for obvious reasons ...
haha oh yes. :D
i avoid them like the plague.
are site where i tend to think of the comment section as kind of an art project, demonstrating the concentrated stupidy of mankind ...
  tachikoma sites
hahahaha well put. :D
Wikipedia articles are biased against women?! But... neutrality?!
my sarcasm quotes, sorry)
contribute a lot to wikipedia if they hadn't been so extremely shitty regarding a whole bunch of things (incl. chelsea manning and gamergate)
the place is clearly set up to be hostile to women
there's no way i can in good conscience donate to their various donation drives etc.
did that some years ago, in the german wikipedia, but stopped that after having to argue to much with people who insist on being right, no matter what. But I guess german wikipedia is known for its friendly and helpful editors by now ... (/sarcasm ;)
that just came out in some news report recently. bleh can't find the article now.
ouch i hate when this stuff happens.
such a humanity backslide.
two wiki editors personally it's really hard not to see that that place harbours a culture completely hostile to women in all ways.
LambdaSix
;3
are you? :3
:P
  +OffensiveUser  hi
hello :)
u
hi there
good, little tired and fried mind. yourself? :))
hello did you survive work? i'm glad you had the good music to keep you going.
good, just fogged up the living room by testing my eliquids
is that the new 'mod' thing? i'm still finding out about this.
haha what? that sounds mad.
a mod can be a couple of things
or Variable Voltage, Variable Wattage or a combination VV/VW
never heard of that will check it out.
ah okay yeah i am very unfamiliar with eliquids. i was thinking of nicotine. i really do live under a rock haha.
I make my own with vegetable glycerin
okay yes i was sort of thinking about it in the right way. sort of.
kits a flash pile of click here, click there - listen to the story and then after 5 minutes of nice pictures I'm asked if that now was bribery - which it is every single time, so the only mistake one could make is to click on "No" for the final question
wow that's cool.
not gonna handle pure liquid nicotine though
sheesh. that test sounds patronising.
clumbsy as heck
oh heck no i rather you live. :)
terrified at the thought of that myself.
I got 1l of premixed base
nicotine
flavorings and went to town
- it's one of these tests mandatory for companies and in order to not have to many problems they make tests that an ape could successfully finish. just an incredible waste of time
indeed. i assumed your job was already assured is it not or do they just do this stuff periodically?
yeah i quit smoking years ago so i haven't had a chance to try something like that out.
oh dear. :|
laws here make it hard to get base in large batches though
blows
then I have enough to last me the rest of the year
is it because the people making the laws also own these companies or?
is the fourth time i do such a thing now, and it gets worse every time it feels. However, this is the first time for a british company, not us. My impression is that the US company tests at least had answers that you had to answer with 'no' in order to pass ...
false supply and demand.
the max amount they are allowed to sell now is 10ml
tanks above 2ml are banned
mad i've never been in a company that's been bought but that sounds really irritating and four times sounds stressful.
really
sheesh i love that. i'm sure it's nothing to do about health protection.
nothing really ever changed for us here in germany
good stuff. i was thinking of it more like how i've heard hre in america they gut the company usually after buying it or change rules drastically.
just another logo somewhere and other suits that read quaterly numbers 4 times a year in some meeting most people ignore ...
they're limiting it like it were tobacco or something
yes, those meetings. ;))
we get bought because we produce something they think they can sell, or becasue we are expected to grow or whatnot
almost sounds like you're better off switching to green, sheesh. it's becoming so much more legal and mainstream.
stopped thinking about these things after the first merger
i'm a stress bunny so something like that sounds scary to me. change is scary! :D
I can get around it by just getting food grade glycerin
yeah, i had this weird experience in my first job
the time I need to get more I'll be able to ween myself off nicotine completely anyway
ah smart. yeah i did a very slow ween from smokes and it worked! never went back.
greets :)
worked for a small software development center that produced a linux system but was owned by a us company called Caldera
then merged with some other companty, SCO
at 6 mg already which is the lowest common one
I still have enough for a year
  +Keilana  morning!
in fact! :)
i've never had a chance to work in that sort of environment. what do you do now?
then soon after they closed down the development center in germany because they came up with that brilliant strategy to sue IBM over the linux kernel ... so i got laid of. However, my bosses back then moved earth and heaven to provide some other job or chance for their former employees. I ended up being called into the office of my boss and there sat the boss of another linux company that was close by and interviewed me for a job. So i got a cons
was a great experience and it makes such thing feel less threatening to me now
yeah i smoked say 25 a day (hand rolled) and i would allow myself up to 25 a day for the first week, went down to 24 next week and so on until i was done by late 2010. it was incredibly liberating.
I'm software developer with focus on quality assurance at suse
linux, maybe heard of it
gonna stay on 0 when I get there
love blowing clouds
wow okay! very cool and how very elite. yeah i have. i don't know much about suse to be honest. still learning linux flavours. :)
we have a shitload of open jobs atm ...
haha yeah i used to have a hookah and loved blowing huge clouds and saying: 'Who are you?' like the caterpiller from Alice in Wonderland.
whooooo are yooooou?
damn wish i had skills to try to apply for something like that.
yes! :))
like that.
only technical ;)
you don't even know whoooo you aaareee, then how would Iii know whoo you are?
oh hey i wonder if i can do something they need?
Caterpillar
yeah i really loved that character. nice one! :))
thank you :)))
the still too small number of women here is growing, i'm trying my best to help that develoment ;)
now back this boring test...
yeah i hear you. sadly i don't have any skills that match here but it's good to see they have a lot of various things open rather than some tiny limited sset of crap jobs.
haha good luck [not falling asleep!].
i don;t really know why there are so many jobs open atm, but i guess we want to grow
i don't have any degrees.
self taught.
just saw some requirements.
sounds like the company is growing.
nice they use postgres.
love companies using open source stuff.
would not let that stop me from applying if i would want the job. I know for a fact that people without degrees get hired into jobs which require a degree on the job description.
Yeah, that happens. More if you have relevent experience in prior work.
just some default item there, if you think you are good at something a position is open for - apply. And that is true for any job.
hell i'll give it a go, can't hurt, at least i can make somebody laugh and cheer them up. ;)
have no evidence of education and I work as a software engineer. Super lucked out.
i know - the numbers of applicant are in on one digit numbers mostly, it's not like there is a flood of job applicants
go for it :)
okay i'll definitely give it a go. i'm coming from a place of being self taught and having to claw my way into this field so i feel a bit shy and inadequate. hopefully that doesn't translate too much in my application.
should get my online portfolio sorted asap.
Just wow.
of states have tried to do that
surprise
Violators would be guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by up to a year in jail or a $1,000 fine.
sure some have even done it successfully? I can't remember
The bill would also empower people in a single-sex restroom during any “unlawful entry” to sue the alleged interloper and owner of the facility for attorneys fees and damages.
wonder how this would go over in court?
oh my god it's like Russia all over again. they going to ban cars and other things and put up coloured signs again? :(
tried to do the same thing, and another state too but I can't remember which
I think?
if you hate trans people (which the author of this bill clearly does) how does he think this is going to affect gender non-conforming cis people?
PLEASE"
  +Dirigible  lol
act like people think shit through
incredulous liberalism
what about post-op 100% passing trans people that use the "right" restroom?
people using "post op" and "100% passing" r u fur real
  +Dirigible  D:
those the wrong terms?
maybe stop talking
  +LadyCailin :/
  +locas  :\\\
going on
  +Dirigible  o:
  +Dirigible  OffensiveUser!
a fear mongering ploy to out trans folk and also put them in unsafe positions because trans folk must be punished for threatening 'normal' world views
OffensiveUser
tell me i can bite this guys' throat out with my teeth -.-
  +OffensiveUser  helo
i'll help you with that not that you probably need any.
JOIN you i mean.
shall be a feast >:D
u Dirigible
ok
new!
yes! :)))
a vaper now apperantly
kind that does rebuildables and makes their own juice lmao
huh
and from the blood.. bloodwine!
months ago I bought one of those vape pens and shit just escalated lmao
than smoking tho
oh my gosh, we're on the same page! :))
  +cirvinfox  awesome
misandry still against freenode policy
as in MM?

misandry
misandry
  +Dirigible  idk
depends who you ask
found the perfect ratio for strawberry orange cheesecake juice
  +Dirigible  o_O
  +Dirigible  oh
  +Dirigible  juice.
  +Dirigible  not..
  +Dirigible  juice..
e juice lol
that explains so much
imagine my face when I just read "cheesecake juice" hahaha
KNOW
  +tinystoat  hahahaha
missed the juice part at first and nearly said i wanted to stuff that in my face.
a cheesecake purist
i do love strawberry orange as a combo in general
orange juice (not e juice) is great
haven't had enough cheesecake in life to know what a good cheesecake is.
dammit you're the hunger maker aren't you?
talking about delicious things and next thing ....
like cheesecake and would totally eat that
beats homemade cheescake :3
  scabdates cheesecake*
recently learned that using vanilla pudding when making cheesecake does do wonders to it in terms of consistency and taste :)
  +Dirigible  but
that
the cheesiness
flavoring from lorann is the shit
it blends better
to my last cake I used just curd and milk to make it and the pudding makes it more juicy imho
  +Dirigible  juicy
need to learn to bake pastries and goodies.
I’ve never made my own cheesecake, is it difficuly?
  +Keilana  *difficult?
not at all! at least, not in my opinion... it's pretty easy to do decently, although I'm sure it takes some practice to perfect it
thta's it. i'm having home made wontons. it's the only thing i have that will assuage this cheesecake talk droolingness.
I think I may try to make a cheesecake this weekend.
imho it's one of the easiest cakes you can make
  +Keilana  ooo
  +Keilana  okay
settled. strawberry cheesecake will happen.
time is around 20 minutes + the time it's in the oven which i don;t know out of my head right now
to head home, have good time :)
grew up with real east londoners.
thank you you too!
warm :))
oh the irony.
you’re from london tinystoat?
i grew up in essex for part of my life.
harlow new town where all the cockneys and east enders went after teh east end was bombed to hell.
one of the satellite towns that they built in the middle of cowfields and destroying tiny charming villages in the process.
yeah i know the history :)
okay! cool yeah usually people are like: wtf is a satellite town?
mean americans since i'm in san frnacisco now.
can't spell anymore i give up. :D
:p i live in london, and i studied the history of the east end at university last year…
yeah it was funny to see that one post about the accent thing because i've seen people take on these mockney accents and it's made me a bit barmy and shouty about that sort of thing.
wow i wish i knew more to be honest!
meah hell from the olden times when rivers and streams were everywhere to now.
so much to cover!
was super interesting. like, social history going back to the middle ages.
rather even from romans to now.
have you heard of suzanna lipscomb?!
not sure, let me check.
completely into that.
my gosh i hope you like her she's amazing.
you don't that's okay sorry i didn't mean to impose. :)
just have found her refreshing as she's amazingly intelligent and fighting in a man's world of historians plus covering the sides you don't hear about like what women have gone through contextually in history.
i hadn’t, but sounds interesting :)
very very very good at setting the context so that you undertand so much better the things she shares with you.
seen a series with her that was so damn good that i found myself craving more.
gave an excellent TEDx talk and let me tell you she's far superior to most of hte muck TED talks are.
try to find that!
minutes.
:)
gosh i'd love to learn moe about the east end. do you have any suggestions where i can start online? there's so much rubbish out there.
hang on and i’ll see what i have
found a great site put up by this old bloke that had all the old trams and other things that don't exist anymore and personal stries to go with. that really helped set the tone.
you!
gold. thank you so very much.
exactly the same
found it boring drivel in school otherwise.
that is highly frustrating because then you find young people with no urge to care about various things in that context.
they don't see just how prestent the past is in their lives in many ways!
for all the typos!
read “a people’s history of the united states” a couple of years back and it was eye-opening. not just about the history itself, but about the perspectives on history.
apologise, i understand :)
my god!
zinn or something.
  +tinystoat  howard.
  +tinystoat  yes!
  kirjatoukka yes
need to read that i have a copy of it somewhere!
book yeah when i heard about the haymarket PROTESTS it changed everything for me.
about people who came to picnic with their families - their children, and protest working conditions.
the brinks nazis came out and slaughtered people.
anything you learn in school.
criminial.
that as a 'riot'.
they're not going to teach about radical labor movements in school :\
riot was the goons hired to quell peaceful protestors.
  +tinystoat  yep!
all about making obedient workers, that would be super counterproductive
will tell you from personal experience the american government is terrified of anarchists.
got asked if i was one over and over and over by some secret service agents.
crap.
wow
  +locas  where?
told them: i've never been to an anarchist site once, you'll see that in your logs, and i don't own a single book but since you lot seem so preoccupied with that you've ensured i'll go seek that stuff out thanks.
in san francisco in my flat.
  +locas  jesus
raid?
was seen as a threat to bill cheney.
haha actually no in fact i told them i expected them and they seemed to take their damn sweet time if i was such a real threat.
looked at me.
tell that story in full some day.
a bit fried now and don't want to sound any more kooky than i already do. :D
all kooks around here
thank goodness.
  +tinystoat  *phew!*
nearly done.
all that goodness cheesecake talk.
  +tinystoat  :D
feminists :3
Euryale
morning :)
hope you got some good sleep in - it was good to pass out a bit.
don't think the pigs know what anarchism /is/
say 'anarchist' and all they can think of is some 15-year-old with a molitov cocktail :1
yep. and may i say that these two weren't very bright.
was like being visited by a downgraded mulder and sculley.
mulder kept calling me to talk about things he thought would interest me like some high level republican being in town for something and i was like: yeah so?
was incredible.
and silly children's games.
wow thanks for your time and energy doing that, that's a lot of work!
you all have the best links
have to be super discerning with what i post because i see so much stuff i want to post all the time.
usually it's something we're so god damn familiar with and who needs that?
the best strategy for posting links around here is "what kind of discussion will this generate?"
that's the conclusion i finally came to so i posted one on women's businesses running better as shown in some study.
is a nice positive thing to hear.
grills
also about timing and framing, not just what links you share
y'all are doing?
god dammit i'd love to stop them calling us females.
true!
hey.
was told men werent allowed here.
assholes aren't allowed here. :)
verdict is in: men are STILL garbage
DBR
woman exclusionary radical feminists are not welcome.
  DBR huehee
dear this won't end well.
so funny DBR
you come here every day for the last month or so
keeps you going
is literally my first time here.
purpose do you serve as a human being
is this an already-known troll?
it's the same pattern of behaviour
the same chat client as every other troll
people are always suspect in my mind.
mean the client. :)
  +yar  anyway
zealanders are okay
yar
yeah they rock my boat in good ways or whatever the saying is.
:/
so FAIL.
fuck...
I read 'single occupancy'
nothing new here, folks
yeah
old shit
sure they'd still try to use that legislation in single occupancy situations though
occured to me the authors of these laws usually don't even know what a trans person is
if they got a chance to
sue for damages?!
did we clog their toilets?!
they are pandering for votes from other people who also don't really know or care
that would  make an /excellent/ protest :>
down to the state legislature and clog all their toilets
was hoping the old fogeys would hae dried up and died off as i was growing up but i see they've poisoned the younger generations as well.
is just incredibly primitive crap going on.
did surprise me is that california makes it really hard to have gender neutral bathrooms
titanic is sinking and these pieces of crap are rearranging deck chairs.
a joke.
part of a group trying to get use permits on an old building and we want all gender neutral bathrooms and the state is just not hearing it
is not as wonderful i think as people have tried to make it out to be. hell a black and white couldn't marry until somewhat recently for example. (recently meaning before i was born by a few years).
are legal rules for how many "mens" and "womens" bathrooms you can have
and they're there for our protection, right? /sarcasm
Wait... are you serious?
evne SF is a ghetto for rich snobs.
just like with "one man one woman" you try to figure out how the law defines mena nd women in the first place, and it's a total rabbit hole
not the amazing place it was 30 years ago and even then it was full of racists and homosexuals dying from homophobes.
remember men dying here left right and centre.
yeah. don't want to share details here but yeah.
and bashings and whatever so meh. california....
yeah i remember a lot of stuff that you never hear about now.
course you don't hear about it now :1
was not quite the utopia people made it out to be now.
still isn't a utopia :1
suffered a lot of crazy racism growing up plus being a child of a single mother on the dole.
hell it's worse! :D
I see in SF is ultra-gentrified neighborhoods full of rich white yuppies right next to really, really pitiful slums :1
that still cost more than I see in a month for rent :1
SF i think is a shining example of the failure of liberalism. all the do-gooder ideology in the world means shit if you can't challenge capitalism. capitalism will tear your community limb from limb.
happy that people don't die because of their sexual orientation now but there's the homeless and the poor and the people of colour and other groups who have been horrifically marginalised here and pushed out.
i think i fully agree with that. amen.
yeah i'm lucky i live in the same place for years but that's changing fast.
you're dying it's not much solace to know whether it's precisely "because of your sexual orientation"
at least you might get some comfort knowing you died standing up for who you are and what you believe in? :1
  +yar  idk
i got shitty medical care because people at the emergency room thought i was homeless.
amazing. they'll let you die because of stupid prejudices.
still happening.
  +tinystoat  terrifying.
keeps me up at night when I see stuff like the florida bill is realizing exactly how fragile what rights we /have/ secured are.
  +yar  yup
since the country is becoming more and more fascist and militant and freaking /scary/
people have the gall to laugh incredulously while it's the reality of trans lives
it more than it was before?
  +tinystoat  back
as a queer transsexual I'm not exactly on the state's top radar screen but certain /other/ minority groups are.
and I can easily see the next presidency... if we get someone really reactionary in...
you start violating the rights of one group and all the other 'undesirables' are fair game too
much any minority group can intersect with "queer transsexual" tho
  +Euryale  exactly
it's not really "as a queer transsexual"
as a white queer transsexual
read a few incredibly damning articles about crime and non-cis-gender folks. taqlking about how the police will never identify the crimes as hate crimes because they do not make any effort to try to understand the complexity of the situation.
  +tinystoat  oh
dotty23
tinystoat
terrifying to me, i'm honestly terrified for others who are in that position. it's one thing to already be a minority woman or whatever but then you go into this area that cis-gender patronise as 'grey areas' and then you read about the crime statistics and then read the reality and it's fucking ugly.
time, tinystoat? what brings you to ##feminism
 sorry don't know what you mean about first time but a friend of mine who was in here before told me about the channel and it sounded awesome but i was shy to come in for a long time. finally here.
am new here for sure.
  +Dirigible  shy!
  +Dirigible  why!
i meant to highlight dotty23 sorry lol
now i wish i'd just asked you since you took it so well and opened up
dotty23 was in here the other day and not being very nice.
i've been around here for a while.
had temp voice before.
could say the same about you, tinystoat
i thought you got +q or +b - i'll have to chekc the logs.
sure.
i came because i've been seeking for a community of people i can get on with and who are amazing.
have never been banned here.
then i must be mistaken and apologise.
ignored you
that's why you probably didn't see my messages.
yes i remember the contention now.
felt you were being a troll.
that often, don't you?
get trolled often
mansplaining and derailing tactics.
was having a conversation with tachikoma
others
weren't too please with you either.
butted in and accused me of so many things.
accused me of being a man (i'm not)
well we can agree to not talk anymore. :)
  +tinystoat  done
  dotty23 sure.
on~
how this got derailed but anyway
not here to stir drama. just here to talk.
so basically i came here and it was a wonderful experience and i hoe i can add to that.
i've been here discussing various thing without any issue until tinystoat went on a rant about something.
  dotty23 anyways.
  dotty23 hi
anyone read my article i linked
 oh the one on violent entitlement?
  +Dirigible  yeah
missed that earlier, will check that now.
fucked up.
fair warning.
is it?
just to chime in as i'm part way through i remember talking about the 'both sides' thing earlier which is such a dangerous farce.
equivalence.
are the worst
yeah i honestly can't see the positives in them.
the war and rape and pillaging and all the environmental pollution and everyting.
i got therapy i learnt about the culture of silence within an alcoholic family situation,
interesting is that in reality it's a whole societal dilemma.
  +tinystoat  CULTure.
of people into not talking about things, feeling shame around issues that NEED To be discussed, this whole paradigm of making sure that things don't change for the status quo using pathetic ruses to 'fix things'.
is merely the traditions of the cult we're all living in. it was interesting to read up on cults in more detail from universtiy papers some years ago and realise that it's not juts the little weirdo groups that are cults.
lot of awesome intentional communities end up getting called cults
nationalists, any religion, any societal imposition of normalisation 'because reasons'.
i certainly don't mean them but i have found them to be the exceptions to the rule.
promise i don't think in black and white.
huh, like what?
separatists
i do look at patterns and see that when the majority of people are doing the duck then it's a duck and that needs to be pointed out.
  +Dirigible  huh.
... i like hearing your thoughts on this tinystoat
feel like i'm up against so much cis white dude supremacy lately
the well-meaning liberal kind that wants to extract emotional rent from you while saying how good they are
where to start
  +Dirigible  blargh
god if i pull that shit smack me please.
was just telling somebody in query how i suffered terribly, being beaten up and other things, because of labels.
i think you'd know if you were doing that stuff
of people shoving their shit down my throat and me refusing to ever accept it.
at least when a capitalist landlord wants to squeeze you dry they openly admit it
a shitlord wants to squeeze you dry they're all "but im halping"
i, in turn, am angry for other people who are oppressed and i don't give two hoot what you choose to be in life unless you choose to be a an asshole then i have an issue. hehe
YES!
in that exacpt position funny you should say.
landlord is a slum church.
scum.
been through hell with them.
my health is failing so i can't fight them like i used to so i'm leaving america.
it with all this crap. need to get to a country where i cna be disabled and sick and in a safter place not being on the street.
old bay area story these days
yes yes yes!
  +tinystoat  meh
makes people sick
my gosh yes
yeah i'm angry and bitter as hell and i try to articulate it and it's nice to be in sthis apce where i can talk about this with other pepole who are suffering fro the same old shite and talking about it.
not good with solutions yet.
i can see is money i don't have being in the wrong hands.
i was rich i'd be handing it out and starting a company that really did empower people who really needed that and give real skills and a real fighting chance but i'm on the bottom as well.
capitalist and american attitude towards wealth is quite toxic.
yeah i like to look at patterns and how they relate.
it's spreading to other states as well
see the sources and all of the tentacles that reach out from the source.
think because we talk about that stuff in here we can better identify the problems and better find our own solutions.
we spoke in here about ariculation and identification of problems.
have this naive hope that people in the USA have learned anything about movement-building since the 60s and 70s
lately i've lost it
the 1% thing fizzled out
shared how i had to LEARN how to identify emotions because i had had such a traumatic childhood i had shut that all down. before that i couldn't identify things that needed to be cause of this missing 'feature' in my life.
gained a lot of traction, but it didn't lead to any significant change or redistribution of wealth.
why i got into reading about cults.
yeah i remember all of the grassroots movements that really did change things when i was a child in the 70's.
don't see that now.
twitivists.
hacktivisits.
hard to protest in a police state
not saying i have all the answers, i just am feeling cynical
important to communicate over the internet and organise but when people don't get out into the streets then nothing changes.
very true
yes same. :)
are scared.
have very little power, you do realise that NDAA is in effect in the united states
are blocking public highways and not being arrested.. and its 'hard to protest' in a police state?  lol, ok.
can legally detain you without trial or any cause for up to 90 days.
saw what happened in Ferguson
i did, from august 14th iirc onward
don't work but other kinds of actions can and do. protests are not organised forms of resistance.
not begging, will get the change we need.
me it's not even at the level of "what actions can we take" but the more basic level of "who else are we in alignment with"
think the problem is that a lot of people are content and they've become blunt to social issues.
and that they think a lot of those social issues are bullshit
shouldn't have banned him so quickly, maybe we could have reasoned with him
just don't see everybody doing the hard work of building a movement where people are on the same page and can trust the more privileged people not to run away with all the spoils
not, he can educate himself on his own time, i suppose.
maybe you don't know why they were banned
yeah that's been my experience. sadly.
 yeah sorry.
this channel isn't here to educate n_n
see women, queers, poc and black folks especially doing the majority of the heavy lifting and everyone else just letting that happen for the most part
the hardest thing on irc for me was being an op in a channel. i always got questioned and challenged for my choices and it was frustrating as hell because the person getting banned was in fact being a wanker.
trans ppl. can't forget trans ppl.
yes :( amen.
are so many problems with the political workings of america
also hard to take action when a lot of oppressed people are struggling to keep food on the table
they'll continue to struggle in a system of oppression
they do something about it.
that's if they even have a table and a house to put food in
amen!
pretty to say and all but if your most basic needs aren't fullfilled you usually can't think of anything else
brb phone
people in america have no problem with the government gives billion dollar bailouts to corporations, but have a problem when that money is going to social services
my experience is that when your skin is really in the game you are more prepared to be thinking about shit at every moment. maybe in a selective bias or something.
you're fed and hydrated sure
  +Kaisertana otherwise...
i only got here now but it seems like it
wanna talk about the politics of pak?
of fed and hydrated, i need a break from the screen. l8r <3
afternoon feminism!
have a question: have any of you read “Witches, Midwives, and Healers” by Barbara Ehrenreich?
it’s v interesting, about women in, like, unsanctioned medicine through history
really like transgressive histories of women in women’s medicine, so next on my list is “Eve’s Herbs"
you have any recs I’d greatly appreciate :)
can recommend some feminist coubter historu but not in medicine, or at least not in the way u meab
yeah i'm still learning about all these writers and whatnot out there. i've been surrounded by blokes most of my life so i'm only just discovering my story and what makes me me. sadly it will be some time before i can contribute like that but right now things posted in here have really brought me to a new and better place within myself.
I like feminist counter history no matter what the topic, medicine is just my fave :) :) :)
that is awesome! you are learning and learning is good! <3
i feel pretty inadequate except as a living kind of 'when i was a kid i remember this shit being shoved down my throat' sort of thing.
you are in no way inadequate
are awesome!
amen. thanks again because this think you brought up reminded me of when, in the 70's, i remember midwives being laughed at.
was raised a feminist and I’m still learning about tons of stuff
some kind of witch.
GRRRR
BULL
in england i remember it was a real profession.
ARE professional nurse midwives in england but in america it's witchcraft?
practising in the witchcraft? right?
accusers or the midwives?
  +Keilana  lol
fortunately now in America we have certified nurse-midwives and HOLY SHIT they’re AWESOME
on top i saw on democracy now this nurse midwife talking about how doctors no longer know how to properly deliver a baby anymore!  it's not taught!
terrifying!
so happy to hear that because holy shitola i was scared when i heard about that on democracy now sometime ago last decade.
  +tinystoat  *phew*
education is getting lots better
was 14 when doctors admitted PMS was real.
  +Keilana  wat.
can't imagine what it must have been like BEFORE That.
  +tinystoat  1984.
was the year they finally admitted it was real and not in women's heads.
then it was IN YOUR HEAD LADY GO SEE A SCHRINK.
what i grew up with god how medieval.
remember it coming out in the papers and my mum talking about it.
is batshit
told me how she suffered it and her mum and others and no doctors believed them.
  +tinystoat  YES
  +tinystoat  YES
  +tinystoat  EXACTLY!
yeah i'm still ... i only found out what a clitoris looked like 2 years ago. :)
IT WASN'T TAAUGHT IN SEX ED.
is all amazing to me.
then i wiuld suggest sadie plant's zeroes and ones and sikvia federici's caliban and the witch for starters
cried for head off for hours after that.
yeah still learning!
you nuit!!
a fossil. :))
must do as well!
thanks for the head's up!
is also another one regarding technology ive read but i cant for the life of me remember what it was called
also if ur interested in medicine i would suggest michel foucault's "birth of the clinic" but its a bit more difficult to read and not feminist
you so much nuit <3
  nuit  same
people usually get intimidated when i recommend books :(
:(
oh my gosh why??
if you ever need to geek out over a book or recommend something, I will give anything at least a try
:) :)
yeah when a book really grabs me i read it like my life depends upon it.
I’ve been known to stay up all night, skip classes, not eat, whatever if a book is good enough
plus i'm betting the books recommended in here are amazing.
haha yes. gosh i miss that. i just realised i haven't cracked a real paper book in a long time. i think i'll start with the book you mentioned. it sounds amazing.
it’s kind of hard to find in paper but there’s free pdfs floating around
well i admit that the books i suggest can often be a bit dense
i suppose i dont mind it
shame nuit! dense books are good too :)
brilliant i'm happy for that at the moment since i'm strapped for cash. :))
oh gosh i'm so happy for some substance being recommended. :X
if you need a link lmk, I found it by just googling the title toh
  +Keilana  *tho
rock on thanks yeah i'll find it then as well i'm sure . :))
  +Keilana  \m/
  +tinystoat  :)))
have read bits of it for a paper
just love learning new stuff
u liked it maybe read breathing race into the machine
you like it nuit? it looks really interesting
here life's too short to be limited.
gosh i've never heard of any of this before.
this looks super interesting
also 'laboratory life' and  the 'pasteurization of france' and so on
dont want to recommend any more
crap.
can't wait to ingest all of this.
thank you in a few years i'll come running back for more. =))
  nuit  np
wiil kprobaly write my undergrad thesis in medicine
i can recommend more n_n
cool nuit
plz
is rape culture?
phoebe404
phoebe404
what do you mean?
some guy is giving me a drink and expecting something after?  I somehow feel bad about this
but did it really happen to u?
because if yes, it is very sad
and I would kill this guy
i was thinking that that was expected
i thought that this is social norm.
did you feel abused then?
the guy could give you all the drinks in the world and you wouldn't owe him anything
yes, it's true
I often get abused by guys, who think if they'll serve me a drink, than they could go to bed with me
I hate that shit
rape culture and objectification at its finest
and the worst feeling is when I'm trying to realise if I realy look like I want to bang with them, or they're just pigs
just pigs.
i mean trash.
rock.
you look like doesn't matter at all when you're getting objectified
have i been banned today?
your behaviour not conducive to the channel?
maybe you've been rude to someone
wants to suck my dick?
tribute to the patriarchy
swallowing
this is my first time here... i'm nto really sure how this works? how do i send texts
i just do it
anyone else see this)
  +Dirigible  no
hallo
  Selena  cool!
everyone!
  +Euryale  welcome!
  +cirvinfox  yesh
I actually have a question I'd like to pose to the group
working on making a self-recovery resource for trans people who can't transition, but I'm having a hard time getting responses from TPoC and transfeminine folx... any advice?
Selena
not sure what a "self-recovery resource" is
how exactly you are soliciting responses from people? what kind of responses?
well as more specific ways of coping with negative body image that tend to be trans exclusionary
curious, can you link us to the questions?
one sec
what are some ways of conceptualizing body/gender/self image that have been empowering and positive?
it's personal and fraught enough that i'm not even sure we're able to do it justice here and still be a safe space :/
can send you my email if you want!
you maybe pastebin them and link with a trigger warning
6. if you are a member of any other marginalized group(s), how have those identities informed your experiences with your body and your recovery?
I think this is it?
  +yar  thanks
basically you're getting responses from white trans guys?
genderqueer people too, but all white and I don't think any trans feminine people so far out of the 17 people I've gotten responses from :(
or white passing
are you distributing it? and what is your goal? how will the information be used?
working with some members of Tran Folx Fighting Eating Disorders (T-FFED) to develop a) an easily-spreadable Tumblr post and/or a zine about ways trans people have improved their body image when unable to transition and b) also eventually making a multimedia zine more focused on sharing trans people's stories in their own words
rad
hope so! It's weird to be doing a project like this since I'm cis, but at the same tiem there
like nothing out there and I think it's needed
never done a real study like that before so i don't have good advice on getting responses to forms and whatnot
know from experience that white dudes are like a gas that fills up any space unless you specifically seek out other people, and sometimes even then :P
  +locas  lol
privileged people in general
to shame anyone for replying to prompts like this, though
no. It's just waaaaay easier to fill the proportional quota of privileged members than oppressed ones
yeah I'm really hitting a wall as far as getting the voices of traditionally underrepresented
  selenathen00b people
advice as far as that goes?
create a new survey that asks "why didn't you reply to my first survey?"
  selenathen00b lol
i know from experience that white dudes are like a gas that fills up any space <-- SO TRUE
this exists.
wouldn't it?
reason, I just heard about here and didn't have a better greeting in mind.
it's come to this. a feminist irc channel.
  +Dirigible  DUCKIE
  +duckasaurus  ohai!
  +Dirigible  hi!
Dirigible
mean duckasaurus
yar
  BarkyBark Duckasaurus?!
mean you both
have that moment where you're editing your key files, and then server goes down for maintenance, and you've got all of ONE computer you can get in to everything on, and it happens to be nowhere near you?
that was me.
is everyone?
p feminist
a separatist utopia
yes. that'd be nice.
  +Dirigible  yes
that are also nice: birthdays. and teaparties.
asteroid mining.
wish there were dog cafes
the cat cafe?
get your coffee and pet a sogge?
where i can go to just hang out with dogs
don't even want coffee
  +Dirigible  tbh
dogs
is a silly pom
the most excited creature when I leave for so much as five minutes.
cannot be MM soon enough
miss that about dogs.
works for the flippin' humane society, but won't let us have pets.
have a cat but cat isn't dog
  BarkyBark Awww
not even that catlike but it still isn't the same
living vicariously through my coworker, who just got a puppy.
too
vicariously through this video
get pictures everyday, and reminders why I like older dogs: "Norman wouldn't stop whining at all last night!"
Penny
Aww.
idea what was wrong?
idea yet - I won't find out 'til Monday.
team
upholderof!
was talking about hari kondabolu and you weren't around ._.
evening playing chess and crib with my sweetie, then we watch season 2 finale of bones
great
more people should know this
that, these jokes aren't funny but I agree with him lol
think he's funny~
find him funny as a person but I don't find myself laughing at his actual standup, more applauding?
  upholderof  idk
want to be him imo
  +Dirigible  lol
have professional musicians in the family
talk alot
  +Dirigible  wait
  +Dirigible  what
kind of non-sequitur was that
a similarity with Hari
both have pro musicians in the family, we both talk a lot, I can be the next Hari Kondabolu
  +Dirigible  ahhhh
don't men have that talking a lot thing in common usually
you special and shit
yeah
finnish guys don't talk at all
  +Dirigible  o:
  +Dirigible  really!?
word sentence
you finnish
  upholderof  yeah
  upholderof  suomasuomalainen
  upholderof  suomalainen
pössis
  upholderof  :D
  upholderof  paiva
know like 5 words
  eegor oh
for work, I'm designing a video clip that uses stock photos.
is SO HARD to find professionally-done POC photos.
yeah agreed. i found a list of pretty decent ones recently. let me see if i can find it. i don't know if they'll help you but worth a try.
everyone. :)
poor eegor
the younger generation in Canada don't speak Finnish very well, even the generation older than me usually can only use some slang
tinystoat!
thanks. I appreciate it.
would suck if you ended up having a white video clip duckasaurus
the previous template that we used had only young, white, attractive women.
finally started taking my own photos because it's a nightmare.
know this much finnish: olen omena. i am not finnish.
yeah looks like it haha.
  upholderof  jesus
god
know what yoopers are
== dictionary
yeah and i know what cutters are! :D
didn't know possis
yes it is
funnily you learn about them in the movie breaking away.
cutters are the blue collar stone cutters of indiana.
i knew one when i was a bike courier he was my boss.
  +Dirigible  huh.
  +Dirigible  TIL
they're more an economic group than ethnic.
s/more than//
  eegor stonecutters
do
talk to a rich old dude who was in all those secret clubs and shit
says it was like being a Kinsman or Lions or Rotary club except you don't have to do any charity shit and just hang out
  +Dirigible  huh
was a Mason or something
don't remember hearing the cutters being secretive.
he in illuminati
want my mind soul and my body
society tryna keep they eye on me
  eegor BILDERBERG
dudes should just use skype imo
the hell is that bilderberg stone about?
confused
triangle eye
whole conversation is a mess
/j #wikipedia-de
everyone
  +Dirigible  wat
I concur
know your secret now.
  telmac  namely?
  +tinystoat  #wikipedia-de
it wouldn't have been a well guarded one if I intended to keep it as such
/whois
joke :)
doesn't work like that on these ircds~
joke :)
oh, really?
  +Dirigible  yeah
you want that stuff visible, you have to set it as a mode on yourself
on freenode will only show channels you're both in
  telmac  neat-o
  +Dirigible  indeedo
so I had a question
friend of mine who is gay referred to me as queer, which they use to describe themselves
while my sexuality is perhaps not compatible with heteronormative etc. I don't feel like queer is even helpful
like "well I don't identify with that", rather that it should be going in the other direction
of "I'm not straight I'm x" it should be "fuck straightness"
this a "fuck labels" argument?
perhaps, but re: my own experience, not "fuck you if you use them"
used to be much more political, i hear
they talk about using "queer" as a solution to labels
  +Dirigible  solution?
label as a solution to labels.
  +Dirigible  lol
right well it seems silly to me also
how would you have it?
well that's sort of my question
i don't think it's very useful trying to escape labels right now
very "in a perfect world we would never have to define ourselves!"
seems kinda lazy but i can't pinpoint why
the queer nerds at?
in braindump, half paying attention to discussions about shell scripting?
had violence problems because of labels so i've got my own thoughts on that.
no it was more like
might be a little specific to me, though.
how'd your search for stock photos go?
  telmac  hmm
not so great. Those are amazing sites, but for this particular project, I need people's faces - toothy grins.
specifically for a dentist's office, so...
aw crap yeah okay. if i wasn't so disabled i'd have got you some just going for a walk downtown here.
worries. I really should have this search tabled 'til Monday, when I'm on the clock, anyway.
doin' work on your own time
i second Dirigible.
yeah, I know.
a project I'm really interested in, though.
it's hard when you actually like the thing you're working on. :)
thing - I actually like my job. And my coworkers. And my boss.
so this is not sufficient to explain it
I feel like my experience relative to my sexuality is not comparable to like
I understand the experience of being gay
it's not helpful to describe myself that way
i love when i can hear that every so often. gives me hope for myself.
that I also don't want to talk about my sexuality - well perhaps outside of irc
don't like that I need to even pick a label
  ankike  hi
ah yeah i don't blame you for that caution.
hello
you recommend if i wear a #meninist shirt?
  +Dirigible  yes
that all seems very valid
the question is "wat do?"
on what's most important to you, i guess
mean, it's a very personal thing, that
can relate to a lot of it
think it's futile for me to prattle on about not wanting to ascribe a label to myself
i pick one
think it's dumb to have to do so
like i do with many other things
sticking labels one me.
i don't think that having an experience with your sexuality not in line with how you say gay folks experiencing their sexuality
necessarily preclude you from using a label
when i see somebody talking about how others label them and they don't identify with that my response is to feel anger for that person.
mean anger that the person is being put in a box and doesn't necessarily want that.
  +Dirigible  nod.
hard because i can see where it's important for various needs and reasons.
there's group pressure to conform that's where i think things are going to a very bad place, imvho.
think that's definitely important
not always the case
  +tinystoat  exactly.
complex.

are related problems like
having to transmit the information corrupts it
someone trying to explain what mien is
be able to say that's what they are
they never mention it
like what the fuck do I do if someone asks?
couple of times it's happened I avoided the question and they were polite enough not to press it
i guess i'm a bit unclear on what you mean
if you take on a label and someone asks for clarification?
just in general if someone asks?
  telmac  yes
isn't helping T_T
to a binary question = yes to either
honestly, you can be as vague as you want
who presses you is probably being a shit and not deserving of what they're seeking
enough
complicated" :P
you don't really owe anyone an explanation
that's that pressure i was talking about.
  +tinystoat  exactly.
line gets crossed? not their business.
have no boundaries and are projecting their bullshit onto you.
don't need that. you need your own space to be who you need to be. so when you don't label yourelf in THAT context you impose the space you need to be you and continue to be so.
it's not like saying "it's complicated" doesn't label you
no but it's confusing. :)
this isn't helpful
  telmac  *which
i don't want to be a problem i'll be stop here. sorry.
I mis-typed
okay. yeah i just know that the older i got the less i answered those questions and the more i asked the person why it was so important for them to ask their questions.
didn't mean you were being unhelpful, only that in that context being confusing isn't helpful
and i'm sorry i certainly don't want to give you some shite advice.
now that i'm 45 and a crotchety old bean bag i've come to turn the tables on people asking questions about myself that i feel are unimportant by asking them why they're asking. i try to turn the tables on them and give them enough rope. it's kind of saying: 'The question you're asking me says everything about you and nothing about me.' kind of thing. because i genuinely believe it DOES say somethin
about a person.
like that person saying in here who is a troll: i'm only asking.
but you konw that they're being a creep and aren't actually curious about WHO you are.
WHAT your experience actually is.
for me that's how i've come to deal with encounters like that.
it may piss the other person off but so what? i don't like being pigeon-holed.
my thought!
it's kind of saying: 'The question you're asking me says everything about you and nothing about me.' <-- yes
I didn't mean you were being unhelpful, only that in that context being confusing isn't helpful <-- it doesn't sound like you want to be helpful, though?
my client isn't going back that far, but is there a situation possible where someone could answer your "why are you asking this question" and your response is "Oh, well, then..."
not, is fine, I'm shooting my mouth off.
sorry reading your question now.
could be a complete misread.
sometimes. when people from the maghreb are asking me sometimes i'll answer because they recognise part of my ethnic make-up and perhaps i feel like answering them but most of the time why would somebody ask when it shouldn't matter to the current situation?
when people have asked me it was because they wanted to know HOW to pigeon-hole me.
resent that activity to the nth degree. i've been violently attacked for it in the past for years.
I clearly need to scroll way, way up.
not just for racial reasons.
yeah this conversation is deep. :)
you feel like summarizing, I just apologize for bothering you.
i think Dirigible brought up a good point. why not be confusing? why be helpful to the person who is asking when perhaps it's helping them pigeonhole you?
when somebody asks you who you are how do you answer that?
  +Dirigible  lol
white"
and that is pigeonholing and supremely unhelpful. :)
the isle of why
yes
absolutely.
it signifies "I am on the top here, please do not mess with me"
not an answer, it's a signifier.
that's not my answer, it's not who i am.
am somebody who does not look white and hence gets this question.
they bother to ask.
signifies the asker is a fetishist, an exoticiser, a tokeniser.
that is my experience when people ask me about my racial background.
that you're still planning on asking people
was about to say "And will ask a whole lot less"
personal experiences have shown that people who ask questions becuase they are 'curious' are actually pursuing an agenda of compartmentalisation and i'm really not up for that. :)
if just curious, I suppose, why should I ask.
it's rude to ask and NOT rude to ask the asker 'why do you even want to know?'
not your job to satisfy my curiosity
  +tinystoat  exactly.
right on the head.
BE with whomever you're with and let them unfold to you however much they wish to.
their boundaries is NOT cool.
and minorities and [other] don't get to have boundaries.
ensures that.
i'm saying: i have some boundaries that you're crossing and that's not cool.
can't you just accept what we have here and now? why try to get more out of it or whatever?
sure I could whip up a dozen self-justifying, guilt-imposing answers.
of which mean shit.
that's why it's NOT okay to ask these sorts of questions when, especially, the asker is actually subtly, not-so-subtly, or openly imposting compartments on another person.
that's usually the recourse of pepole who are mansplaining. :)
  +Dirigible  ^relevant
wonderful will check that soon.
thinking even if I'm actually not, still a bad idea to learn not much of anything of import until I'm told.
friend is coming to pick me up (at some vague time soon) to help me get some shopping done so i'll watch that when i'm back.
thought you said some vague shopping.
was wondering where the heck you went for that.
only needs like 30 seconds of watcing
  +Dirigible  watching*
go to off-target"
the relevant bit
one thing i've learnt is to sit back and watch other people talk for a long long time. you'll learn some important stuff that way. it's listening.
oh that's gret!
  +tinystoat  brb
haha
  +tinystoat  brb
  BarkyBark ...lmao
hari kondabolu
love Hari Kondabolu... for political reasons.
this is exactly what i've had happen.
  +tinystoat  :)
is great.
  +Dirigible  Mhm.
It's from the people who brought you white jesus
whole routine owns
delivery is better nowadays
this is good.
threatened to break the first rule of friendship, which is do not kill your friends"
hey BarkyBark!
Euryale!
are you!
is amazing
to watch the rest of that later.
is not the enduring lesson of Jurassic Park"
thanks for that. yeah that's exactly what i've had happen to me.
really, where are you from?'
  +Dirigible  yeeeep
shit i was born at fucking UCSF hospital wtf more do you want?
you considered laughing in their face.
have you considered that isn't funny ever? :)
you considered that that kind of bollocks doesn't need to happen and that the victim of that kind of social violence doesn't need to EVER BE SUBJECTED TO IT?
was trying to be flippant, but likely failed to make a comment about how worth dismissing that is.
here I go shooting my mouth off from a privileged position.
  +tinystoat  yep.
how easy it comes to you?
if you're going to employ sacrasm in here, consider putting them in sarcasm quotes or something: ~
Well yeah, I've never had to think about any of this except when I choose to.
channel, this space, is the first time i've had people NOT disclude and discount my experiences.
the first time people hear me out and don't give me that priviledged bullshit i've been subjected to for years that makes me want to stab people in the face.
i've had the shit-stick LITE compared to other people i've known and heard about and i'm already a fucking basket case due to racism and patriarchy and sex abuse and other shite.
exactly, unless somebody stabs you in the face for being a dick you never have to think about it. this is exactly the problem with a majority of people who don't have to go through living hell eveyr second of the day.
living hell that makes you starve, that kills you even, that makes you homeless, that gets you raped, whatever.
speak 8 languages, i'm a classical bass player, i've been a legal secretary, i've travelled, i've fed the homeless, i've done so much.
the fuck am i not the rich one?
none of it shows on your skin
wtf tinystoat
languages?
none of it shows in my tits or my bald head or my god damn fucking stained teeth.
just a nigger.
sorry!
  +tinystoat  :x
sorry i got so angry i forgot to censor.
so sorry.
yeah.
you're cool as hell
not here to self advertised but i'm a talented mother fucker and i'm just a piece of shit when people look at me.
walk away from me when i approach them to ask the time because they think i'm homeless.
people think i'm fucking homeless as well.
mean homeless people think i am.
broke and poor and starving and nearly homeless.
your talents get to mean nothing?
i'm self taught programmer and i'm moving to europe beaise thank god for my irish passport.
NOW YOU UNDERSTAND
  +tinystoat  ?
JUST A N****R
they told me racism was over!
i'm about to go homeless veyr soon and being homeles in america is horrible.
Please stop, thank you.
the joke isn't funny.
I was annoyed at having heard it from my family a ton lately.
that urge to awkwardly reply with humor.
validate the experiences of others instead.
i have to say you have touched a nerve and i'm crying like a mother fucker here.
really upset.
you're some dumb white mother fucker.
you have it good.
i never have.
been homeless and I suspect I still had it good.
had an easy time getting back out.
fucking right.
a whole lot I can say except wow, that's pretty fucking unfair especially given you're probably smarter than I am.
miles.
all these fucks who come in here and try to be hurtful. i wish they'd all die from the worst virus possible that only hit them because none of them will ever really truly suffer. they take their petty hurts and dump them on the true socially trashed and blame us for their bullshit.
a waste of good environmental resources.
yeah see how a simple 'joke' isn't?
had to suffer fucking rape and social shaming over that and racism and being so poor i grew up starving so badly i didn't grow for four god damn years.
age 10 to 14.
the clothes of other kids from carpark sales and going to school and them recognising those things and shaming me.
some privileged clown comes in here to a special space and says 'suck my dick and swallow you c***s!'
he's angry his patriarchal shitbag ass doesn't get him what he wants instead of looking inside himself to realise he's part of the fucking problem and he needs to stop that shit.
then i'm the one who suffers.
should be rich as fuck!
i should be able to help out other people who really need it.
the homeless women i talk to who get raped ALL THE GOD DAMN TIME.
tinystoat, i worry that this may be putting you in a bad space
yeah, BarkyBark, check your privilege.
ok to vent, but it's ok to disengage too if you need it
you're right im a bit of amess right now.
stay away for a bit.
so sorry.
ok!
I should duck out for a bit.
you so much for helping me stop this spiral.
you're always welcome here, okay?
thank you so mcu htank you.
ok tinystoat. places like this can be a huge emotional rabbit hole. i've had a lot of irc-related cry fests in the past couple years.
sorry everyone.
i bet.
no worries
don't be sorry or blame yourself
put yourself first
thank you so mcu.
have my client up.
you lot soon.
  +Dirigible  <3
the best i need to go sort my head a bit. <3
so much for everyint!
  +tinystoat  peace!
  +tinystoat  ->
  +yar  gnite
safe, tinystoat!
everyone's favorite fruit
girlfriend :>
  +yar  PEACHES
  +Dirigible  nice
peaches
about you Dirigible what is your fav fruit
for asking!
  +Dirigible  pommelo
  +yar  whoa
things that aren't a grapefruit?
  +Dirigible  yeah!!
giant citrus
always found them daunting
so?
pith comes off so easy
they're so big
the skin on the segments peels away so easy
too acidic for my taste
  +Dirigible  aww
they're not bitter :9
do you feel about persimmons
had
  +yar  damn
a spoiled californian
you're a californian too? :3
  +Dirigible  lol..
we should just +v everyone who's not in california
  +Dirigible  LOL
  +Euryale  :p
why do you package single bananas
  silent1 hey
while back we were talking about all the songs we used to love which sound annoying and whiney when we listen to them now
know what this means?
means we have to make less annoying covers of them :}
  +Dirigible  haha!
be famous
a band brb
  Guest68050  Hi
saw that, Dirigible
  +Dirigible  :D
  hercules123 hello
anyone here
  geraldbrent Somewhat.
you a feminist
  geraldbrent Yes.
do you believe in feminism
was waiting on that. Thanks.
everyone
there ;)
Monday, everyone!
favourite day of the week!
feminists <3
yar.
your handle in any way derived from Tasha Yar, perhaps?
  +yar  no
was copying me
  +DrYucatan  :3
  +epi  lmao
it jedi or sith that get the power to lift fedoras with the force
you people
mean. anyway.
about communities that try way too hard to tolerate abusive people
  +Keilana  innnnteresting
what'd you think?
interesting! didn’t have too much time/spoons to look through (I have an anatomy exam this week….guess who needs to understand everything about cardio)
you for posting dear yar~
was it you who told me to watch Wadjda?
  +Keilana  YES
did~
you watch it???? :D :D :D
  +Keilana  oMG
  +Dirigible  n_n
YOU LOVE IT
  +Dirigible  yes
i downloaded that but haven't watched it yet
crap it’s SO GOOD
you like about it
was just so very human
loved the mother/daughter relationship
it focuses on this mother-daughter relationship thst idn’t perfect
yeah the relationship isn’t perfect but there’s so much love
movie exudes love
it’s not a Big Statement Movie
about a little girl who wants to ride a damn bike and who loves her mom and screws around at school
JUST WANTS A BIKE
and it’s so innocent, like, literally all she wants in the world is to ride around on a bike
one of those movies with no resolution, nothing gets tied up in a pretty little bow, life goes on with its ups and downs
watched it for Arabic class and actually got credit for watching it which was AWESOME)
  +Dirigible  nice
it’s awesome and everyone should watch it
I’m SO GLAD YOU LOVED IT DIRIGIBLE
for telling me about it!
\o/ \o/
ftw
  +Euryale  Beck?
know
a loser baby'
  +Euryale  oh
  +Dirigible  /beck/
thought you meant Glen Beck and I was like "eeew... was he /ever/ not disgusting?!"
why can i never remember the name of that one song he covered
is making me so mad
found it :D
are cute as fuck
Is that the plural of lynx?
floofy paws
MUCH FLOOF
it's the Dirigible plural of lynx.
Okay.
lil ear floofs
SO POINTY EAR FLOOFS ARE THE BEST BECAUSE LYNXES AND FOXES AND HUSKIES AND GERMAN SHEPHERDS ALL HAVE THEM AND THEY ARE SO CUTE
  +Dirigible  look
YES I NEEDED TO YELL THAT
the feet
CUTE EARS ARE V IMPORTANT
  +Dirigible  floof
  +Keilana  YISSS
long legs
have you seen the video of lynxes playing in boxes
  +Dirigible  no
  +Dirigible  NO
not
part of a video of big cats i think
find it
u go
includes cute lynxes
  +Dirigible  omg.
n_n
  +Dirigible  aaaaaaaaaaaa
cuuuuuuute
KNOWWW
ONE WITH CATNIP TOO
think i've seen that!
cats tripping balls :>
so cuuuute
probably posted it in here before bc I love big cats
  +Keilana  eeeeeeeeeeeee
AND PURRING KITTIES
so skittish
am I supposed to enjoy my Misandry Monday when there's never any men to pick on? :1
now
  +Euryale  :>
any of you read the webcomic Questionable Content?
think I've seen it once or twice?
  +Euryale  why?
was just wondering. i caught up on ~300 pages of it yesterday
the latest panel the trans woman character is about to have some sexytimes. and it's like one of the only non-gross trans representations i've ever seen
also it's written by a cis man so i'm watching it with eagle eyes waiting for him to slip up tbqh
actually pretty cool. I wonder if he's got a trans woman friend that he bounces all of his ideas off of regarding that character, AbigailBuccaneer
there was a bit previously which was a bit iffy, if i recall - when she told a character she was trans she also accompanied it with her entire backstory and info about her transition status etc. etc. that just seemed really unrealistic
she was painted to be the Good Trans Woman who instantly indulges cis people in all their rude questions
definitely problematic if not unrealistic :1
the character she's having sexytimes with (as we speak!) i've always thought of as very much an author-self-insert character
idk to me makes it feel a tiny bit like "ooh look at what a good ally i am! i'd even have sex with a trans woman in this comic i write"
tbh i'm very much just overanalysing everything about this
i'm still enjoying it. it's still cute
for those who are just joining us: we're talking about the webcomic Questionable Content
is, unfortunatly, adorable :P
least up to like #900, I've yet to catch up fully)
not even gonna lie
might be a fierce feminist warrior queen but I still love my sappy romances ;)
book a day off work, read through! lots of good stuff happening at the mo :P
you can get through that many comics in a /day/?!
probably not
read almost all of Full Metal Alchemist in a day and a half
was doing a catch-up with Schlock Mercenary and it took me almost a month!
maybe?
I was doing other things at the time, too, but...
i spend maybe a couple of hours reading at least 300 pages, with breaks for chatting on various social networks
think if you put your mind to it and didn't stop to appreciate any of the art you could do it
that would involve not stopping to appreciate the art!
moin.
  +cirvinfox  hi
  +LambdaSix  mooin
  +cirvinfox  moo
yeah
im a giraffe :3
very ehhh on that QC
always sleep through discussions of it tho
wut?
  +Dirigible  wat
  +Dirigible  ahhh
see
people were talking about the QCs ex scene
earlier
slightly less earlier than last time
  +locas  :|
mean it could be a lot worse
idea waht  QC is
question about it last time was do other characters get explicit sex scenes?
Content
in the upscroll if you have it.
was wondering what trans folks thought of the new trans woman character.
  +cirvinfox  ooooohhh
gotya,
don't read the comic much so I can't really compare her to the cis characters
stopped reading it regularly but I'll go and catch up on it here and there when I'm bored.
on webcomics is my drug.
in the day I used to re-read the entire S*P archive every year for its anniversary
wonder if it's still going, p sure it's over 10 years old by this point.
  +cirvinfox  :I
  +cirvinfox  :D
where you at!
morning, or appropriate time-descriptor wherever you are!
duckie!
Like a hadrosaur?
  +DrYucatan  :P
  +alialliallie alliesaurus
  +Dirigible  duckship
  +Dirigible  B)
  +Dirigible  :V
  +duckasaurus  lol
one of my partners and I were watching a documentary on turkeys
are delicious
turkeys behave very dinosaur-like
kale
wonder what dinosaur would taste like o.o
you ever eaten any sort of bird, libbies?
ducks are silly. Silly, silly critters. That I grew up with and love.
so, you literally have eaten a dinosaur.
eaten... duck :P
what could be sillier than a dinosaur duck.
duckasaurus was born.
meat get waterier or something when the muscle is 10 feet tall
  +Dirigible  waterier
probably be hard to fully cook a dinosaur
assume you would cut it up
yeah - if it wasn't in bits.
bits
how a cow is cut up and divided
huge, and it's just strong-tasting, usually.
steaks and dino drumsticks
guess you'd probably do it the way people feast on beached whales
are the only living theropods. Specifically maniraptorans, which is a clade that includes the deinonychosaurs, oviraptors, and therizinosaurs.
my home state of Oregon, we don't feast on beached whales, we blow them up.
i'm thinking about giant supersauruses, i forgot dinos come in all sizes
wouldn't mind tasting a Brachiosaurus or Diplodocus. An Argentinasaurus could feed a town for weeks.
come in all sizes" this sounds cute
do! From the tiny Microraptor, around a meter long, to the mighty and towering Argentinasaurus, which probably grew to be over 30 meters long.
  +Dirigible  MICRORAPTOR
  +Dirigible  AAAA
no one~
lovely
  +Keilana  welcome~
  +CrazyEttin :O
of us, one of us, gooble gobble one of us!
  +LadyCailin lol
welcome baskets?
  +LadyCailin Yes.
of all sorts of anti-man things
  +cirvinfox  TIL
didn't get a welcome basket :(
  +LadyCailin Oh.
did i
  +Keilana  :(
to think of it, I didn't get one either!
“male tears” mug will arrive in 3-6 weeks
  +LadyCailin xD
kinda just tumbled in
i never got one
  +LadyCailin lol
sorry... but there was a back-order of the male tears deluxe collection system so a lot of people's welcome baskets are still being processed :1
in the meantime enjoy these cigar snippers
I want a welcome basket.
  +duckasaurus  lol
better get on the basket-making.
  +LadyCailin lol
basket weaving? That's a feminist tradition!
think it would be fun to learn how to basket weave
would be even cooler
always wanted to scuba dive
want to do this...
to burst your bubble but I think you just weave them in your bathtub
weaving is really cool and there are like hundreds of basket weaving traditions worldwide n_n
We can shake things up then, by combining that and scuba diving. :p
JOIN ME IN THE KNITTING/CROCHET CLUB
  +LadyCailin Selbuvotter!
I'm still learning
  +LadyCailin lol
are a lot of awesome online tutorials
  +Euryale  mittens!
are sooooo cute!
learning crochet right now, but selbuvotter is knit
look difficult
is easier
a norwegian traditional mitten
yes, they are super adorbs
I want to learn how to make them
can do it!
should be ravelry friends~
not actually on ravelry. lol
you sure she won't be your... ravel?!
just know what it is, because I'm friends with a bunch of knitters. lol
RAVELRY
  +OffensiveUser  o/
ok
are you on ravelry??
das
now I'm just trying to make a simple square
kinda boring, but maybe if I had an easy pattern, it would be more fun
someone to watch me to make sure I'm doing it right. lol
easy patterns are fun!
I don't knit
should~
there is tons of good stuff on ravelry
already have a hobby
okay then
on~
have a bunch of hobbies. lol
when that isn't occupying me anymore
  +Keilana  n_n
still ok with picking up another!
will be here
also ADD
  +Keilana  waiting
having more hobbies to switch between is good. lol
a vaping hobbyist
am also regretful I didn't get all my gear in rainbow collours
  +OffensiveUser  :///
  +GorillaWarfare \o/
  +agnosticnixie  test
  +Dirigible  hi
  +GorillaWarfare Hallo

  +Dirigible  wait
agnosticnixie is awesome, just quiet ;)
you shush me!
  +Euryale  sorry
am i meant to know if agnosticnixie is awesome if i never see them speak!
used to speak more, IIRC
I used to lurk less
I need some help.
business time.
rest-of-my-life-changing help.
up, duckasaurus
the whole list is one I've been compiling for months now
I like them all, for different reasons.
will the text of the tattoo bee?
  +GorillaWarfare *be
it actually say "misandrist"?)
as a "tramp stamp" on my lower back. Ohyeah, I'm doing it.
  +GorillaWarfare hehhhh
like the second one
kind of like the second one down in the first column
top
so dainty
gah, depends on my mood. One partner likes column 1, row 6; the other, 3,4; I'm partial to ALL of them, depending on my mood.
You can completely cover your torso in them!
yes, but where would I have space for "man-hating lesbian" and "feminazi"?
  +Euryale  :p
think about these things pragmatically, don'tcha know.
  +duckasaurus  :)
was the first one that jumped out at me too
also like 1,6
kind of want a Bitch Planet style 'nc' tattoo though it's hardly an original idea now
is stylized and means 'non-conformant' aka you get shipped off to said planet and then kick patriarchy's ass or something)
awesome.
comic is amazing
sounds awesome alialliallie
can one acquire it
local comic shop!
never been much into comic books, but for that I would make an exception.
  +Keilana  yesplz
Margaret Atwood meets Inglourious Basterds."
  +Keilana  omg
essays are only going into the issues and won't be in the collected trades)
think... I need to find the best closest comic book shop.
get mine from Things From Another World locally but they have an online pull list too (ie a subscription)
is up on Broadway, yes?
  +alialliallie yah
you, alialliallie.
Broadway / 28th-ish
be stopping in this week.

  +alialliallie :D
you can get 1/2!

only have 2 in stock on website :(
  +alialliallie yeah
awesome to see stuff like that sell out though
  +duckasaurus  YES.

Ms. Marvel is freaking awesome
  +alialliallie Yessss
way behind though I read it on marvel unlimited
w/ captain marvel
misandrist as a "tramp stamp" on my lower back. Ohyeah, I'm doing it. <-- yeeeeeessssssssssss
make sure to post a pic where all can see it in its final glory. :) Which reminds me, I have to call my tattoo artist.
IP
ipv6 one?
super long ipv6 one
with 2600~
Work is over for the day, and I'm heading out. Chat atcha all alter.
even
  +Dirigible  toodles
will
  +GorillaWarfare :3
oh non-men!
  +Dirigible  SPEAK
BEFORE IT IS GARBAGE DAY
what's your favorite fruit
  +GorillaWarfare hmm
is a hard question
are fruits right?
  +Dirigible  Apparently.
that case, that is an easy question
avocados
  +Dirigible  lol
  +Dirigible  Nice.
is apparently a large berry.
ARE SUPERIOR GorillaWarfare
  +GorillaWarfare Nope
makes it super cute.
mangos are great
are mangoes your favorite fruit?
yes they are
am drinking mango flavored tea right now
not know that was a thing but am not surprised.
wonder if they have mango coffee.
doesn't sound great
then again, they have blueberry flavored coffee
  +Dirigible  lol
it
is the mango tea from adagio and it’s rly good
yum!
have the peach and blueberry ones
like them
tea?
  +Keilana  yep
got it in the tropical sampler
passionfruit is also good
  +GorillaWarfare yuumm
else was in it?
  +GorillaWarfare ooh
is good  too
think the blueberry is my favorite
like the vanilla
think the blueberry is a little bitter/weird for me
haven't tried the vanilla, but I don't usually like vanilla flavored things
is rly vanilla-y
  +Dirigible  weirded
kewl
Patriarchy, the plant?
  +Dirigible  Hmm?
is fuckin awesome Dirigible
KNOW RIGHT
always wondered.
sorry... that plant is just way too cool.
also dig the lots o' lady characters thing.
I suck at being critical of games.
locas
i have tried to listen to new krug
feel like a failure.
would you feel bad 'cuz you don't like some music?
spencer krug is v. special to me.
get serious about some musics.
hail the robot overlord!
I've been waiting a long time for a tiling Wayland compositor (technical thing... it's really cool though, I promise).
I finally found one!
the project is called 'loliwm'
literally went "Hoorayeeeeeeeeeeeeew"
I'm going to pass on it >.>
  +alialliallie neeeerd
  +epi  lol
wrote this piece of software. It's really cool. I think I'm going to name it after creepy drawings of little girls."
  +LambdaSix  woah
sign for "Indian" is now a mime of the triangular shape of the subcontinent; "Chinese" is the right hand travelling from the signer's heart across his chest horizontally, then down towards his hip, mimicking the tunic worn in China; and the sign for "gay" is an upright thumb on one hand in the palm of the other, wobbling from side to side."
can somebody explain to me that last one?
have no idea. :3
#feminism -m
monday is over...
  tachikoma hello
  Betelguese  Hello
i was not aware that there are several different sing languages ...
it's not quite that easy ;)
'allo
did not know either
there really 91 users online right now in this chat?
  +Euryale  apparently
reading about asperger syndrome
seems I do not have it but very intresting anyway
often wondered if i'm somewhere on the autism spectrum. I probably need to get tested by a professional :c
me too. It would have been such a releaf
morning.
  +AbigailBuccaneer morn'
you jsheldon?
looking in dismay at how small my paycheck is and how high the bills are :(
  +AbigailBuccaneer :C
it's oatmeal and dry cereal for a few more weeks :3
this is really exist
crypto_guy
hello
  MeckPomm  ololol
there is a feminism channel? i am so utterly shocked and surprised
  +epi  ?
  +epi  oh
is that a surprise
  +epi  lmao
  +libbies  oh
world is shattered
thought you were mocking someone, had to scroll up to be sure
why do we even NEED feminism, right? Aren't men and women already equal?
  +DrYucatan  [/sarcasm]
thought feminists were too stupid to irc
DrYucatan
have it /better/ than men
you know
privilege
have privelege?
women have privilege over men.
court, custody, alimony
drinks, free dinner
any time we want it
etc
abortions mandated by Obamacare
make them do all the hard manly work like chatting on irc
we do the easy stuff like everything else ever
drinks and dinner? nobody told me that
cirvinfox all you have to do is wink at a guy
cirvinfox. hyperbole.
i sometimes have trouble not taking things literally
gets their ass kicked anymore. the liberal media would be up in arms.
even give a good ol' fashioned ass kickin' anymore without the media going nutso!
can't sarcasm anymore. my brain can't
is sarcasm then?
have to snuggle a puppy now
was
tagged my sarcasm ;_;
missed it
no wait, you're DrYucatan not Dirigible
  +DrYucatan  Yes.
  +DrYucatan  :P\
  +cirvinfox  ok
nicks are both the same color in my client so it's confusing :D
font means Dirigible and DrYucatan look the same. variable-width font means Dirigible and Euryale look the same. we can't win.
was here first D:
true
i have the same probs
feel like our clients should take that into account when choosing a nick color
complicated across multiple channels
irc clients should space out nicknames throughout the colour space
people who talk most recently should be given a wider berth in the colour space maybe? hmm
yar
not
i saw a script that would parse logs and generate irssi configuration to set the nicks to different colours, to minimise the names of a particular length that had the same colour.
seem to recall it looked at things like active time and percentage, but that might have just been planned features.)
do you figure DrYucatan

not being serious here :P)
history of dinosaurs is the history of class struggle
yeah weechat matches DrYucatan and Dirigible so I'm going to have to go manually set one of them now ;P
materialism
  +Dirigible  :<
good recent poetry recommendations
feminist
  +Dirigible  vimeo.com/102618263
that's really awful :C
  kirjatoukka yeah
trigger warning on that
news is it's just a swaggering fantasy written by some clueless boys
i thought the description from automatron would have made it clear — should i have said so?
don't even fucking realize this is a real thing that happens all the time
kirjatoukka, i shouldn't even be talking about it without a TW
suppose it’s best to err on the side of caution, i’ll try to remember to include one in future.
So .lgbt is a top level domain now
interesting
song right here
keep thinking it's Misandry Monday
I should probably defer to nonmale voices more in my life. hey! someone interrupt me!
up
alert on that btw
think the name was supposed to be accusing people recording ips of being predatory
like, damn, how obvious is it that no-one thought about it
did and came to the wrong conclusions about its suitability as a name
the apple product no one would want
  +DrYucatan  Heehee.
  +cirvinfox  oterrrr
  +Keilana  !!!!!
are too cute :3
they are
sea otters voted cutest animal
feminist animal
I need new jeans very soon. A hole is starting to rub in the crotch of these.
hate that
get crotch holes from cycling :|
get crotch holes from stimming
interestingly enough, have never gotten crotch holes.
my trousers, that is.
nice
are crotch holes
assume they are holes in the crotch of one's clothing.
on the fly
what
consider removing pants first
would u get them
i get them on the sits bones - saddle contact points
inside and below the back pockets
bones
dorsal pelvic spurs
  +Dirigible  spurs
spurs
was lirl worthy?
I was talking about crotch holes of my pants :p
  +Dirigible  lirlsome
  +Dirigible  lirlful
get crotch holes from just wearing my pants
  +GorillaWarfare :(
that's what's happened here.
special, just walking and stuff I guess
not like I'm doing splits or anything
:/
thighs always wear through on mine, not necessarily crotch.
  +LadyCailin lol
not a pants-wearer
are satan
  ottanta so
pretty good
/are/ Satan. I'd much rather be nude.
used to be fairly anti-pants but I've been getting back into them (literally) lately.
  +LadyCailin ha
like pants, but dresses and skirts are good too
are so dumb
anything before bros
before NO
before misters
suggestions for topic #3
evening
hoping someone else would say something :)
what
know. I am really bad at saying something
brings you here? have you read the link in the topic?
perhaps I should
will keep me busy for a while
that was alot of reading
reading.
source of information
i missed you
reffered to the rules ofcourse. I used the other link
is the most intresting thing Ive read in a long time
cracking up over here
the text is NSFW, there aren't like naked photos or anything]
good god :p
you're supposed to do: Sip wine from his mouth, then have him pour some wine in your belly button and try not to spill it."
we do: Our version of this starts with me drinking wine from his lips like a little baby bird receiving sustenance from its mom. After that humiliating bit of business, he pours wine in my belly button, which is dumb because I hate (and I mean HATE, all caps) to waste wine."
  +Dirigible  lolll
you know how little wine fits in a belly button? It's like one-third of a thimble of wine."
should then recommence." lol
love oral sex so much; if you look up happiness in the dictionary, it is just my boyfriend going down on me as Joshua Jackson feeds me chocolate bonbons and I give the camera a thumbs-up. " LOL
feels like you have tiny balls in your vagina, which you do, so you're just doing one long kegel to keep them in there. If that sounds like a sexy thing to you, then get your ass some Ben Wa balls immediately."
call this "the sexy TSA screening.""
tears of laughter rn
try to stay awake and say things like, "Ooh, baby, this is so good," and he says stuff like, "Please don't patronize me." It's very sexy."
  +Dirigible  lirl
(2) I think you need a pretty big bathtub for this shiz to work properly, because my standard-sized model made it look like two (sexy) beluga whales (sexily) doing it in a (sexy) teacup."
Mr. Officer, let's see what I have hidden inside my clitoris!"
  +Dirigible  LOLLL
all its bluster, Fifty Shades is just a bunch of oral into missionary."
read the Do men want to be “treated like men?” So much to think about.
  +Dirigible  Oh?
Some times are buried so deep its hard to question it
are?
things I mean
I will try to give you a specific
was hard to find something specific. It is more of a feeling
had a fight with my best friend. We have been falling more and more apart fighting over and over.
problem is that we do not talk about what is wrong and I know this
we are still the same persons. and we were good friends for 10 years
the reason we do not talk about it is because none of us dares to take the chance of being vurnable
you're a dude?
  Betelguese  yes
  +Dirigible  Groooosss.
  Betelguese  why?
are garbage!
is a hurtful thing to say
  +Dirigible  qq
trying my best to be a good person
  +Dirigible  qqq
do you know that I am garbage? Me as a person?
  +Dirigible  qqqq
means Stop crying or something yes?
sad for you~
is sad?
don't hurt me, don't hurt me
more
  +Dirigible  lolol
  Betelguese  ??
go into a channel for feminism and think we'll be interested in hearing about how hard it is for MANS to talk to other MANS
boring~
you do not care about that but I found the article very enlightening and it was good to see things from a point of view that i have not heard before
  +Dirigible  kewl
there is only women in here?
i mean .. none cis males
you read the rules you would know~
did read the rules but I might have missed that part.
DAY
DAY.
bajin
was work
my god i'm bruce willis in 12 monkeys
  +Dirigible  ehehe.
willits
  bajin :o
was going to say butterfly effect but that movie was terrible
day
it include legwarmers Euryale?
find any information about garbage day. Anyhow if there are many people who wants me to leave this chat then there is no reason for me to stay.
are gr9
almost called bill murray bill maher
have yet to meet a woman who unironically wears legwarmers who have I haven't liked.
Yes! Also cat toys for your obligatory cats.
the mill baher
  +Dirigible  then*
  bajin LOL
bill murray is boring
AT ME
We just are not interested in hearing about ~how hard~ it is to be a man!
day? more like
would wear legwarmers but alas, my legs do not need warming :1
do mine but i do mine for FASHUN
  +Dirigible  BAJIN,
  bajin yes
like socks that go all the way up to my butt >:3
didn't care enough to finish my caps
  bajin oh
  bajin :(
that frown
  +Dirigible  lirl
it kind of looked like i wanted someone to feel sorry for me. Nah i just feel regret that I did not understand this earlier
  bajin >reddit
  +Dirigible  >bajin
I get the hint. I will be leaving
  +Dirigible  lol
mins later
  bajin LOL
give the poor guy a chance! These subtle feminine communication things we do are hard to process!
:<
don't go.
men!
too late.
day :<
friend of yours?
  +Mrenda No.
just quit so quickly I didn't get the chance to reassure him.
bajin
just want the feminist cookies
chocolate chip
macadamia
feminist cookies
feminist cookies are apricot-ginger flavored
why not allowed
in bed
  +Dirigible  girl
in bed is the worst
  +libbies  o_o
them in one bite
knows what's up
am a problem solver
cool
got a good one for you
not realy
  Argent_ stop
  +Dirigible  lol
  Argent_ whew
Argent_
problems are solvable with enough explosives
was only gonna ask how to end patriarchy and capitalism ._.
have you ever heard of /milk/?!
I know, I saw it coming
  +Dirigible  n_n
a mindreader too!
lactose intolerant (90%+ of chinese-americans are lactose intolerant)
percent of chinese are lactose intolerant
hang on
on wiki
Dirigible
  bajin lol
genes for lactose tolerance were only selected for in areas where drinking milk was a survival advantage (e.g. cold northern places)
libbies that’s an article!?
  +libbies  95%
chinese
of asian americans
about the difference between chinese and chinese-americans
of dutch
  bajin location
BAJIN
read that in a lil jon voice
my normal voice
  bajin LOL
that article needs moar data
am amused
need 2-3 cups of milk to feel the effects
about cheese
you eat cheese
  bajin yes
  +Dirigible  nice.
eat cheese too
about libbies
is amazing
for american cheese
get gastrointestinal problems as a result sometimes
singles
  +Dirigible  wait
cheese product isn't it
  bajin "cheese"
  +Dirigible  velveeta
like it was already in someone else's mouth
the lactose gets processed by bacteria-or-however-it-works-with-cheese
cheese in chinese again
lao it seems
cheese
cheese
whiz
ITZ
FAVE
  +Dirigible  o/
love cheese its
  bajin :o
  +Dirigible  o/
HIGH FIVE ME SOMEONE
ITS ARE SO GOOD
  bajin \o/
  +Dirigible  B)
  +Dirigible  \o/
cirvinfox
w/e
are you chinese?
  bajin yurp
:P
  bajin :)
actually ate some ice cream earlier
it doesn't do anything bad to me >_>
  +Dirigible  gl
vanilla
:3
  +Dirigible  _nm|
  +Keilana  \m/
ALLY WANKERY
do people suck so much?
support for being shitty people
allies
if i needed another reason to feel depressed
pls
otters are an acceptable substitute
are the best n_n
  +cirvinfox  nooo
@emergency_fox
gr9
here is an otter twitter
is best_fox
am just a cirvinfox
alialliallie
get you my otter link
dailyotter.tumblr.com
its an otter
recommended for all
HAVE YOU SEEN THE PENGUIN GET TICKLED
THIS IS RLY CUTE IT HURT
  +Keilana  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its so cute and squeakyyyyyy
said that line out loud
my dark room
  +cirvinfox  alone
okay I squeal over baby otters alone all the time
just grutns and squeaks so cutely
wanna pet an otter :<
  scabdates AW
like "tickle me more!"
  +cirvinfox  yea
surpised, from waht i understood, i thought otters didnt do well with human interaction
ALL OTTERS
now all the cute is nullified
is anyone here this is twiz
have a rather long winded question that I want a feminist perspective on
  grumb grumb
sorry this is grumb
grumb
I ask questions here?
read the rules.
christ.
question is, can you read answers
did I just wanted to see who I was dealing with and whether they were going to answer in a diplomatic way or take the low road. Thanks for your time, I don't really feel safe asking now.
  +Dirigible  Good.
THE FEMINIST OPINION ON BROS
i've got one
THE FEMINIST OPINION ON READING THE RULES
all what is the feminist opinion on favorite fruit
stealin' my shit again
  +Dirigible  n_n
  morganq typical
  +Dirigible  :☭
do you think are the reasons for the original emergence of patriarchy? What social conditions tend to lead to gender inequality, and how can we avoid creating those conditions?
out "caliban and the witch" by sylvia federicci
think it's safe to say these are unanswered questions
do. Thanks for the reading recommendation.
  +Dirigible  ##feminism
you neither can spell "woman" without "man". silly writings like these make people laugh out feminism, which makes me sad.
  morganq l...ol
  +GorillaWarfare Uhh?
  +GorillaWarfare heh
but man without woman are shit
even with woman they're still garbage
plz chceck the topic
morning
evening
  tachikoma :)
morning
can't spell devil's advocate without "sad"
sad"
evil sad vocate
lol at your pun
don't know why i read "panda" in there
can't spell "lol at your pun" without "ty, our pun"
<yar> you can't spell "lol at your pun" without "ty, our pun"
  +Dirigible  lirl
MEN STILL GARBAGE
NO ONE
Ahmed could really use a little feminist theory in his repertoire… In an article for The Australian, Ahmed blames “men’s disempowerment” for violence against women"
  +Dirigible  loloolol
shit men are stupid
holding a screening of 50 shades of grey to raise funds for their org
is against domestic violence
disempowerment" O.o I must have somehow missed that that is going on
##feminism <3
  +cirvinfox  hi
disempowerment to rape and enslave.
  +cirvinfox  ^
an Allie I condemn male allies
tinystoat!
went to find some horrible forms of porn because i was thinking of writing an essay called 'This is How Much Men Hate' along with the violent images listed under 'porn'.
hello hello <3 :)
macktivists
can't write any essays or anything until i'm out of the rich ghetto shithole known as san francisco.
for a 1bdrm.  Pffft!
gross
yesh.
off' is a patronising understatement.
seem to have an inner ear infection as i feel as if i'm on a boat all the time so i might disappear suddenly to lie down.
those suck
apologies if there is anything offensive i didn't have a chance to vet it yet but i was excited to see this covered!
yes i highly advise avoidance of ye olde inner ear infection. :D
got a new batch of molasses for various vits and mins and i'm driking a lot of water and eating tomatoes for vit C so hopefully this helps things along.
the odd garlic clove.
what about inhaling (with sage or thyme)
garlic, sage, thyme …
this a recipe for something?
putting all of those things in a pot and cooking for awhile would result in delicious tomato sauce
i don't know if steamy goodness will help with this rather than ingesting any antivirals and boosting my vits and mins.  I'm eating spicy foods and drinking a lot of water to keep the drainage clear as well but I don't think anything else besides antibiotics will help.  Sadly I can't see a doctor so I'm a bit farked just now.
that sounds so good just now.
fresh garlic galore
have a very persistent cold mainly due to crappy windows :( can't seem to get rid of it either
yeah it's hell, eh?
hahahaha
lol'd
a feature not a bug
all those viruses
was very confused
to pick one up
  +tinystoat  :D
especially since I tend to skip professional school if I do not feel to well, work I attend though
yeah us jacquerie have to do that sort of thing. pisses me off we don't get paid to be sick from work and school.
2015, i wish we could stay home sick from, say, school, and get some telecommuting done if we still can do that.
shit slashdot still exists
i've been away from work and wherever because i was incredibly ill but not because i'd pass it on.
inorite?
i need to lie down. thanks for your wonderful time ##feminism <3
get paid if sick, but since it's a small office it is solidarity to my colleagues that makes me not want to be sick all the time
stopped reading tech things like slashdot because they feel so male-dominated sometimes <_<;
they are man-dominated
really wish i could just tune men out of my whole life sometimes
all-men
am one of those btw :-/
of hwat
of men
  +Dirigible  lol
i meant to feel bad for wanting to /ignore you or something
course not! I just wanted to give you the information so you can do so
this might sound sarcastic, it is not meant to be. I understand and support the idea of ignoring men.
was someone else saying something? I didn't see anyone else chat :P
what the +v and MM is for~
  +Dirigible  lol
  +Dirigible  n_n
wonder if that’s something that’s implemented client-side, ignores of anyone without voice.
could write a plugin to do that, but I was just kidding of course.
didn't i know about this
what?
was thinking about seeing jupiter ascending
that looks rad (and i love lana wachowski so)
  +Dirigible  ikr
more work today, hooray - see you soon ##feminism
cops are trying to say it was a parking dispute, not a fucking scumbag's opinions, that lead to that triple murder
bastards
how the white guy who just shot three muslim students isn't being called a terrorist
guy hates muslims & white guy shoots muslims → not a hate crime
total sense
  +Dirigible  jfc
parking dispute
if it was a parking dispute
the fuck kills people over parking
  +Dirigible  men
it really was a parking dispute, you can fucking bet that racist sack of crap resorted to violence because he hates muslims
wow
forgot that it's valentine's day this week
  +Dirigible  grodie
  +Dirigible  omgg
the hell is wrong with people?
  +Keilana  batshit
of brains
honestly what should i expect from a country originally founded by religious zealots:p
  scabdates :3
scabdates
Dirigible!
goes it?
goes
you doin'
well! it's tax return week (at least for me) so i'm in a decent mood aha
  +Dirigible  nice
keep forgetting about that >_>
need to actually work this week
drowning in stuff to do so bad that I just took a 2 hour nap that was meant to be 25 minutes
  +Dirigible  D:
  +Keilana  yeahhhh
I just made nachos
  +Dirigible  :D
is a fantastic idea...
with refried beans.
exactly do you define gender, or womanhood? Is there a hard-and-fast boundary between "male" vs. "female"? What about non-binary genders? At what point is someone no longer a "man" or a "woman" but something else? Are such categories mutually exclusive? I'm just curious to hear your thoughts.
discussions are often big, lengthy, and draining. Don't be surprised or hurt if no one jumps to weigh in.
still constantly struggle to figure out what gender I am
define it as however you identify as
prob Dirigible. They're thoughts I'm personally trying to disentangle, and I thought the people here might be able to weigh in.
is super complicated and we've had amazing discussions about it in here before.
it's been a while.
kind of personal for me because I was born with a male body, but I'm very seriously questioning whether I might be a woman, or want to change myself to become one. Part of that process of exploration is trying to figure out what it means to "be a man" or "be a woman", and how that relates to my sense of self.
living as a woman right now in part because I want to figure out what gender I am; whether being a woman is right for me, whether or not I'm non-binary (agender) etc.

here
think "being a man" or "being a woman" is a great over-simplification of something that for me is really nebulous and feels unknowable with only introspection.
me, gender is an n-dimensional space of weirdness comparable to the range of possible colours, and the names we give different categories are like the names we give essentially arbitrary classifications of this range of colours into units
think that's a good way to put it
tend to round off genders to the closest spatial coordinates to ease comprehension
internally, doing that doesn't really work for some
  CrazyEttin_ yeah
also a good way to illustrate the concept of social construction.
so many people mistake it to mean that something doesn't "really exist"
  AmazingAthiest  LOL
I love niggers.
I love men
love it when I shove a banana up my ass
let's fuck
  morganq !femops
B O Y S
the gulag do not pass go do not collect $200
to gulag
gulag
  +KittenGNU  *drools*
  +Kaiserette o.O
theyre gone
can talk about how great stalin and mao are now
  Frusciante  stalin
like
  Frusciante  ballin
stalin
you're back! n_n
you guys seen the Parks & Recreations mra stuff
as default
not seen it
was it about?
  ottanta hi
there are a few gifs of it online
example
not understand it. but thank you for the link
  Cloud painful
  +cirvinfox  LOCAS
hi
you beautiful people!
  +cirvinfox  sup?
void|work
buoyant, Dirigible?
n'really
like slow descent
you doin
what's up?
happy, as usual!
so jolly all the time
am!
YOUR PROBLEM
is beautiful! :')
n_n
cool would it be if jessica williams did daily show
most cool
coolest
any1 c the law and order svu on tonight
was hating on gamergate from what i heard
just wanna know if ice t got 2 beat down some pasty white misogynist
i wanna see it
would totally watch ice t beat down misogynists
plenty of svu is them beating down rapists and shit lol
would love to see that!
um
  +Dirigible  hey
  +Keilana  o/
  +DrYucatan  Hey!
##feminism
about not understanding cardiac elecrophysiology
  +Keilana  >.>
  +Keilana  <.<
  +Dirigible  v.v
this part of that exam
  +Dirigible  lol
LUCK ON EXAM
friend
is terrible
much to learn
much already learned
your brain bursting at the seams
you going to tell me a brain fact in response
because we did neuro last semester
brain is full and sad
  +Dirigible  lol
a wet sponge
  +Dirigible  :c
I have a huge pile of Arabic homework I can use to take a brea
are the most studious person
thanks Dirigible <3
have legit never seen someone else say "thankfully i can take a break from studying x to study y"
it was only a little sarcastic
I am actually grateful to have different work to break it up a little
##feminism! <3
tinystoat
:)) hi hi
i studied arabic for a bit as well.
only fusha, not the slangy spoken stuff, so i didn't understand anybody.
i think modern standard arabic would have been better than fusha.
i hope lief finds you well.
enough
this typo crap must stop.
excellent.
the P)
guess i shouldn't shorten that: patriarchy
of the posters on that link said some company brought out a valentine's day 50 shades of grey bear. with 'special accessories'. >_>
I understand formal speeches much better than amiya
is hard :(
yes, yes it is!
crying over verbs rn
dictation
frustrating is doing all the skits n stuff in shaami and all the writing in fusha and arrrgh
like learning two languages that share an alphabet and occasionally share words
yeah i just found that i liked figuring out the gist of something from the base words after awhile and so stuck to reading the qur'an and newspapers. but then newspapers were difficult because no diacriticals for me and i must admit even after all of these years i do need them.
  +tinystoat  yes!
  +tinystoat  exactly!
books are the bomb because they usually have vowelling
tried to explain to people that fusha and daraja are two different things!
you want a good pdf of a random children’s book I have a few
i love them i used to have all of tin tin in arabic.
dora the explorer is big with us
that would rock thank you.
me an email?
funny i didn't know about dora the explorer until recently.
  +tinystoat  indeed!
wait
  +Keilana  kk
  +Keilana  yea
that doesn't work i can also make an upload page for you with an obscure link?
want to make sure in case you want to keep your anonymity and such. :)
I’m outed everywhere
:D
make sure my ustaaza left the links up from last sem
sure!
  +Keilana  #FRAAANDS
  +LadyCailin ja?
language was that?
^
i was going to type javisst but ended up typing ja sure. :D
  +LadyCailin Oh
I'm a little disappointed.
was hoping it was norwegian. lol
used to read and write swedish really well but it's all gone since i've not had anybody to connect with.
mean, it is
Cool!
lærer norsk.
yeah sorry i never quite got that far but i have had chats with norwegians and danes because i knew swedish!
jag älskar alla i scandanavia. :D
er kjempeflott :D
någonting som det!
ønsker å flytte til Norge snart.
you said snar
  +Keilana  *snart
lol. It means soon :p
an excellent word
actually emailed someone about a job there today
don't intend on applying actually, but I did have some questions about it.
  +LadyCailin haha
is a pretty cool word too
  +LadyCailin "yemp-uh-flot"
favourite Scandinavian word is kartoffel
betyr det?
ja, jag ska åka til finland snart.
vill bor i sverige men jag har inte mycket pengar eller vänner i sverige just nu.
Jeg skal besøke denne sommer.
very cool you did that email. i hope they answer you back, good practise!
i don't know 'betyr'.
the email was in english
  +LadyCailin lol
"means"
betyr det? What means that?
was talking to DrYucatan
think I use ønsker in the wrong context frequently
think it's "Jeg vil flytte til Norge snart"
translates that correctly
is probably asleep now, otherwise I'd ask them. heh
should be asleep too. >_>
talking to y'all is fun!
about scandinavian things. lol
sleep well!  see you soon!
i'm a little slow to chat today. :D
is ok. Nini!
:D
i keep missing you. hello!
go pass out for a bit, myself. nighty ##feminism <3
  riddim  peace
  jessica-mtf hello
taht was a short lived sleep. :))
hello!
well don't let me keep u, up
oh no no worries. it's great to have company. seems i can't sleep after all and just needed a quick lie down. :)
hear ya :)
i wish i could do something fun and engaging but i'm pretty spent at the moment. i'd like to do something like a fun project that brings something meaningful (no i'm not one of those i promise) to women's lives.
have all the enthusiasm and no energy at the moment.
want the same too :)
one thing that is important is that it can be brought to women who are offline as well.
i'm bloody lucky to even be online at the moment.
have a computer.
used to host sewing nights in my kitchen once a week which rocked.
not everybody sews.
were ar you from
i'm in san francisco at the moment but not for much longer.
moving away from this tiny bubble.
that was personal I guess
oh sorry i didn't mean to make it sound like a personal attack on you.
no my question was
just have an issue with san francisco and its environment.
sorry I type slow
the issue
oh right haha sorry. wow my brain is wonky tonight. :D warning: my brain is wonky tonight and will do tricks!
  jessica-mtf hahah
it's become quite a little rich ghetto for 'mindful librulz' who are well out of touch with reality and don't produce anything of real value.
well were u going then
scandanavia. it's not perfect but where is? :)
have to see which friends can take me in for the longest times until i can get sorted.
know what u mean
in a similar city/boat then?
:P
  +tinystoat  :)
wouldn't want to chat in pm would u ?
no problem as long as you're kosher. ;)
hey tinystoat :>
steamings... what... the fuck?!
  +tinystoat  yes.
  +tinystoat  indeed.
  +tinystoat  PFFFT
is the steep.
is... the most objectifying thing I've seen in a long time :1
maybe not
it's kinda really gross
wait, there's more! ~ patriarchy
like... taking something masculine and 'making it feminine' by attaching it to either boobs, butt, or pussy :'
there's a /lot/ of that shit floating about
the patriarchy is all like 'empowering women'!
  +tinystoat  yes!
  +tinystoat  exactly!
liked how somebody put it in iblamethepatriarchy:
thing I think is going on is the failure to distinguish between sexualization (pornification) and sexuality.
right to be raunchy: is it really a choice if it precisely aligns with male interests at your own expense?
is exactly it. i will NOT be co-opted.
militantly refuse to be co-opted.
  +Euryale  co-opted?
like this 'empowering women' through patriarchal standards crap.
co-opting.
being an 'agreeable' fem so you can not feel so 'abrasive' to men when being a feminist.
that i won't wear make-up, i won't say anything nice about the history of men, i won't agree there are a few nice guys.
whole life, the life of my mum, the lives of my friends who are women, etc, are all about being fucking house servants and free prostitutes.
you choose other for your partners).
only speaking from my experiences as a woman in a cis-gender role i know.
a woman works in the office there can't be patriarchy!' fuck you why's she the god damn maid and making the tea and this and that?
many forms of co-opting that i'm still discovering in my own experience and internalisation of this shite that when i see stuff like 50 shades, vag steaming, or vag weightlifting being taken up by women it makes me so insane to see women have been tricked into all of that shite because it's normalised and internalised so well.
patriarchy.
yes co-opting is a super important concept, very happy you brought that up, tinystoat
haha thank you :)
morning :)
qtrinityp is probably a bot (and is apparently harvesting/regurgitating markov chains)
  qtrinityp Apparently
least, that's qtrinityp's behaviour in another channel on here :P
another day to this
i'd appreciate if someone could ban it
you are a bad bot go home
  qtrinityp Home
  +Dirigible  lolol
WHO IS YOUR FATHER
IS Dirigible
  +GorillaWarfare omgomg
  +epi  lol
  qtrinityp Lol
good luck with the fucker!
  +Dirigible  lirl
WE KEEP IT
##feminism too
THE AWFUL TRUTH STANDS REVEALED Dirigible
:c
loser.
quack quack quack
what you are the best pasta
this whatshisface's nimbot
  +epi  what
  +libbies  :D
confirmed for pasta
libbies
  +Dirigible  hahaha
still jokes about it but idk much else
of my plugs fell out at some point :(
be in my bed and not on the sidewalk somewhere
I talked to the hoster of qtrinityp, they are investigating the issue
Is it supposed to do something different..?
it’s pretty amusing as it it :P
people aren’t supposed to abuse hira’s free bouncer service to proxy their bots
just don't like the idea of a bot recording my conversations
potentially spitting them out elsewhere
figure there’s a bunch of people logging in here anyways
bots make teh logs
logs are one thing, but it's spitting out markov chains too
Yeah, doesn't mean we should let people post logs and things tho
libbies and me for example, due to the nature of using a bouncer, automatically log anyway :P
true
many people will use a client that log as well
public logging =/= logging
are just some shitty computer programs that people wrote to do stuff, in this case, qtrinityp was designed to read chats, log their content, and post them in other places
it records how you answer a question, and if it is ever asked the same question, it will answer with your answer.
simplified version of shitty chat bots)
  +Keilana  gotcha
is kinda a problem, especially with potentially private information floating around...
  +GorillaWarfare Yeah
mean, this is a public room
it's definitely worth keeping in mind that people _could_ be posting logs from here elsewhere
i don"t want it interjecting random shit into serious conversations either though
was what was happening in the other channel it was in
like a lot of the dudes here, tbh
  +GorillaWarfare heh
kinda want to make a CluelessDudeBot now
IT
  justJanne lool
kinda wanna do a bot using deep learning once,
all sentences with "I" and ends with ";)"
then it couldn’t say “but what about the men” Dirigible
a man, ..."
the problem is that it would probably end up more intelligent that those guys...
If you have logs of the channel, you could take only those men sentences, and then apply deep learning to them
should try to make a bot that’ll pass the dude turing test
can we tell it’s a bot and not an actual dude
  justJanne hmm.
have to search for a few million dude lines of chat logs then.
deep learning (which is essentially the human brain compressed to a few lines of code: remember what works, forget what doesn’t), and then it would surely pass
then we could let it loose at the MRA channels xD
really hope it's not a DudeBot that beats the Turing test :P
let it loose in MRA channels and see how long it takes them to notice
  +Dirigible  LOL
turing test is kinda easy, tbh, with such restrictions
think cleverbot made a test "is this a bot, or a 7 year old ukranian retarted (sic) child that doesn’t really know english"
remember the ukranian child bot
AbigailBuccaneer
up?
sorry for stumbling in here earlier like that, I even forgot to say hi >.>
actually just about to leave
no problem, see ya later ;)
i know you raylankester?)
not sure why you'd end that sentence with a winky-face if not to sound intentionally creepy)
don't think so, but maybe we can get to know each other)
it be rad if you stopped talking and left
  justJanne :/
when are winky-faces creepy?
raylankester somebody's early prototype CluelessDudeBot? what's going on
ops
that was random o_o
was kinda random, but raylankester went from hey to "maybe we can get to know each other" within of less than one minute. maybe just a bad choice of words, though :/
said a bunch of weird shit.
word choice if they weren't trying to be intentionally creepy. plus the fact they sprung out of nowhere in the conversation like that
just kinda outta nowhere
I don’t have logs reaching further back, but I’d still give them the benefit of the doubt and let them talk for a few more minutes before considering something.
think the few lines was more than enough
impressions tend to be quite spot on in these cases
we get to know each other" is super creeeeeepy
that was weird
automatron we trust :p
did say it in glitter text
  +GorillaWarfare So
libbies, but if english isn’t their native language, it might have been just a misunderstanding.
guess I have to
maybe trust that we can op our own channel?
they are from the US, in that case it was intentionally creepy.
just think too good about humans :/
been creepy for weeks
seen them in here being creepy before
gonna greep
  +libbies  creep*
here~~~
you'd like a fuller rundown so you can feel better, they've duded up the place, failed to step back when asked to, been quieted multiple times and evaded it, tried to trick other ops into thinking the quiet was an accident, been creepy
etc
:o
I already mentioned that I could only base my opinion on a few lines of chat, but with that history…
more than creepy
  +cirvinfox  hi
and order is a trash show
gamers are soooo mad about the new ep of svu and its killing me
can be kinda cathartic for me
up misogynystic nightmare~ because clearly men are totally aware of misogyny and arent' wilfully ignorant
i mean, i watch the shows sometimes
watch bad tv shows :v
teevee is a comfort
  +epi  yeah
one documentary every few months?
might be an option depending on your jursidcition.
wrong chan
  konraddo  hi
  +GorillaWarfare Hello
re: earlier discussion, I love bad TV :3 Reality competition shows are my jaaam
been totally into Face Off lately, the competition show about special effects makeup artists
stop
I’m super into Chopped
I feel ya
  +GorillaWarfare Yass
now I want to watch that show instead of doing my work... :P
struggle
haven't watched any TV in forever.
video game.
your homework GorillaWarfare!!
  +GorillaWarfare nuuu
I'm thinking now is a great opportunity to quit TV.
But I will once I'm home and not in class
THE THING MOLLY
  +Keilana  n_n
  +Keilana  okay
in classss
  +GorillaWarfare :)
rage-wikipeding right now~
womp
are League games today but they'll probs be done by the time I get home
I'll just watch them anyway
  +GorillaWarfare Mmmm
may just drink blueberry tea all the time
else
always oversteep it and it’s horrifically bitter, GorillaWarfare
long do you steep yours?
Dirigible, fuck that so hard.
don’t want to live on this planet anymore)
can be lucky he didn’t shoot her, she resisted the police. /s
stuff should definitely lead to consequences...
of a fetus vs police brutality. I wonder what conservatives feel about this one.
me guess how the cop was punished? not at all?)
Yeah I oversteeped this a bit
I put milk in it
I haven’t tried it with milk, just honey
Ashe Dryden is about to do an AMA if any of you all are interested
it good???
tea)
is :)
def try it tonight then
I need to mainline caffeine to function
  +GorillaWarfare heh
  +GorillaWarfare D:
are the worst -.-
third this week
luckily have only one exam this week, one next week,
can do it justJanne \o/
I need to sign the results of the first exam 2 hours before the next exam happens
already did the first one today ^_^
  +Keilana  yayyyyy!
yeah feminists taking exams
with compsci being the only study at my university that isn’t equal yet, I also help the stats ^^
compsci student
as major, Arts as minor. Weird combo, but why not ^^
I have molecular bio as a major and Arabic/Islamic studies as a minor n_n
I’m familiar with that weird look you get :P
know someone who's like.. I think Behavioral Neuroscience and Classical Music or something
that is an interesting combo as well :D
  +Keilana  ooo
love music tho
least compsci and arts is somehow useful together, like design and stuff.
I could see some overlap between all of these
arabic studies and molecular bio (which is essentially just organic chemistry), hmm.
interesting, but I guess both are really complex topics with complex exams
  +Keilana  heh
like “I’m a massive nerd for languages and science"
bio is lots more genetics than organic chem, thankfully
We did some genetics in organic chemistry in school, but luckily I forgot it all.
  +Keilana  hehe
why you are in compsci~
hope the probate judge and/or roy moore goes to jail for contempt
they wont.
not, but a girl can dream, right?
did get impeached once though
are ok i suppose, just dont expect anything of them
  +LadyCailin lol
:<
  +cirvinfox  yep.
have y’all seen tampon runner?
amusing
cissexist :(
cissexist..
not open source
have fixed it :P
  +Keilana  lol
don’t think open source makes up for cissexism
it doesnt, but if its open source, it can be fixed.
  +Keilana  OH
  +Keilana  DUH
telling them it’s cissexist could get them to change the language
yeah, I meant "[I] would have fixed it", not "[being open source] would have fixed it" :)
yeah, maybe send an email?
yeah
I know Buzzfeed)
  +GorillaWarfare :DDDD
feminist click bait
it’s funny
knowwww D:
i mean
actually good click bait
funny that they're doing click bait
deserve clickbait too!
  +GorillaWarfare :P
is catering to feminists
  +Keilana  yeh
  +Dirigible  like,
B)
wow
get click bait too~
one's from a Buzzfeed Staffer too
figured it was just one of the user-submitted thingies
are they usually?
huh, I didn't even know BuzzFeed did submissions >_>
  +GorillaWarfare Yeh
MEN
like 6
think I want "and tears to drink before I sleep" embroidered on a pillowcase or something
roommate is embroidering an octopus
think she could hook you up :P
have the craftiest household
at 8
is great too
ending
artistry
yisss
my linuxes
  void|work :)
can be on current kernel
stupid?
proprietary drivers~
installed Windows 10 earlier this morning.
seems pretty interesting.
had me stuck on 3.15 and i decided to test the waters again and see if the bug was fixed yet
then it wasn't, but then i tried to downgrade and did it wrong, then i upgraded and did that wrong, then i realised i should try nouveau again
Can't be worse than the ATI drivers.
should really take notes like i used to
i did nearly the exact same thing /last/ time i tried to update
this for pretty patterns~
can either be really good or really bad, or really good, but it bites you in the ass later.
how's the dudes of ##feminism?
is what it is. high-ish learning curve, picky
bad. Got kicked out of a class today. Going to miss my feminist teacher.
i prefer it to windows, esp since windows does stupid crap like completely freeze 10 minutes after i started it up for no raisin
  +Dirigible  o:
got kicked out?
be any worse than doing linux from scratch.
  +Dirigible  why?
for grades.
school, but whatever.
you in a feminism class
was your teacher feminist
  +Dirigible  dammit
BOTH
  geraldbrent lol
was AP English III. She was a feminist.
  +Dirigible  ohh
  +Dirigible  nice
nice.
should still be buddies
amazing person. We would always chat during lunch about how shitty everything was around the school
really neat
wish i had feminist influences early on
got you into feminism anyway?
writing about it for an English term paper in another class.
was: "Research a movement that you think will change the world."
i recall that i think but i did not realise that was your intro
something close.
up coming here to get the latest news and stuff, and ended up staying because everybody's so awesome.
we do anything for you, feminism-wise
we're awesome!
me realize how much of an awful person I am. Some of the conversations in here are so deep they bring me to tears.
  +Dirigible  dang.
yeah
just don't want to grow up to be a piece of garbage. One year away from being 18.
was still a piece of garbage at your age~
I know I am.
won't fight that one bit.
didn't stop being a piece of shit until my 30s :P
too was garbage then
i mean like
ahead of the game
still garbage, but hopefully less so~~
i'm like sentient garbage now
of myself @_@
  +GorillaWarfare Exactly
GARBAGE
sorry that was my loud voice >.>
just don't talk much because there's just so much to take in.
okay just to listen sometimes
garbage
me
to people's experiences, and draw on them to improve or reinforce or rebuild your own beliefs
  +Dirigible  btw
Home is on sale in steam
gaem
  +GorillaWarfare ooo
steam*?
can't tell
remember double checking the bottoms of mugs in that game
NOTHING
  bajin >:(
you put the christmas duck back in its proper place?
  bajin lol
there a third storyline in that game
was the sister
was the parents
the christmas duck counts as a third story line
  bajin :o
rumbles*
  +Dirigible  lol
want the music from that game now
favorite bit in that game was the note telling me to turn the damn lights off
then went and acutally turned off all the lights I left on
  +Dirigible  LOL
couldn't play it without lights on ;o;
the most unsettling part for me was in the room with the tv repeating the storm warning over and ove
heard there are ghosts in that game, very spooky
was v unsettling
  bajin BOO
also went through the entire game thinking it had already been spoiled for me
apparently the ending i was thinking of was some unknown entirely different game
  bajin welp
was great
i was mad about how good the game was and that a friend had spoiled it
bath was really unsettling because I thought it was blood for a bit
really afraid of what I would find in the attic
definitely cried.
yes
was a third storyline
original owner of the house
yeah, the music was all those riot grrl tapes, that was very cool
cool
videogames aren't terrible
  bajin lulz
  bajin welp
duck
  bajin rofl
  +Dirigible  weird
  +DrYucatan  Weird?
link.
What's weird about it?
seemed to handle it well.
were expecting them to handle it poorly?
  +Dirigible  Yes.
glaad, what do you expect
like... the epitome of alphabet soup :1
  +Dirigible  Hm?
everyone knows that A is for 'ally'~
you read the link, Euryale?
that's what Euryale said, heh
think Euryale was being sarcastic.
yeah
yeah
the sarcasm ~'s
just curious about "It was never, ever our intention to suggest otherwise, and we apologize."
anyway
  +Dirigible  Yes
doesn't say what "otherwise" was
gotcha
forget exactly how they launched it
They did say A is for ally
they fucked up in implying
  +Dirigible  yeah
hey
those poor marginalized allies..
saying it directly
  +GorillaWarfare Gotcha
pretty awesome
oh?
seems, at first glance, to be a proper, comprehensive apology.
thought that was just ally-speak
fixed on their site now
they'll make it LGBTQAAA :3
  +Dirigible  QUILTBAAAG
"LGBTQaaaaaaahhhhh!!!"
a probably-agender and probably-grey-asexual person i'm pretty glad about this
Argent_
  +Euryale  :1
  +Euryale  eeew
how often I hear people say it sarcastically, it's really hard to believe they did that
dunno, I don't find it that hard to believe.
because everyone seems to be tripping over themselves to "include" allies lately.
was Emma Watson's thing?
feminism one
  +Dirigible  #heforshe
yes that
me of that
SHOULD INCLUDE MEN"
  +Dirigible  Yep.
RIGHTS SHOULD INCLUDE ALLIES"
  +GorillaWarfare etc
don't really understand why they feel the need to assign allies an identity.
are confusing.
  +GorillaWarfare Heh
gender identity is ally"
  +Dirigible  LOL
are stupid.
lol
just made up a recipe for apricot-ginger quick bread
hope it works :/
Maybe they'll make it LGBTQAAA :3 <-- Sounds like a yelling goat on the end there.
  void|work aaaAAAA
like the usher video ^_^
I volunteer to taste-test...
teleport you over here
HAD A TELEPORTER THIS WHOLE TIME AND HAVEN'T USED IT YET?!
  +Keilana  D:
  +Keilana  SORRY
  +Dirigible  lolol
jessica-mtf
  jessica-mtf hi
are you? :)
doing fine thanx
about you?
pretty well!
some TV, smashing the patriarchyyy
that's good :P
some TVs, watching the effects of the patriarchy ;3
  +GorillaWarfare ohmai
that reminds me
guns
when I was younger, my parents gave my older brothers the option to a) keep the TV, b) shoot the TV
guess which one they chose
that's the story of "why does Molly never get our childhood cartoon references"! :P
  +Dirigible  LOL
  +Dirigible  that's..
can't decide.
from Maine, if that helps :P
a spooky land where Steven King is King and scary creepy stuff happens
there is good seafood
are some Maine stereotypes?
want to learn about Mainers now.
  +Dirigible  Mainites
  +Dirigible  Mainatees.
  +Dirigible  Mainicans.
maine is for hipsters. that's another stereotype.
all
  +yar  sup
  +GorillaWarfare Hi
guys welcome to join discussions?
  +GorillaWarfare Sure
follow the rules n all
just checkin'
  +GorillaWarfare &rules
latentexacurbato
they lasted a long time...
##feminism <3 channel warning: i am entirely braindead. :D
tinystoat
hand crafted IRC client" like every other IRC client in existence was written by handless machines
Beep
am an IRC client developer, and I'm obviously a robot, right.
  justJanne ?
morning
a surprise >.>
enfitled piece of shit
  +cirvinfox  hi
just watched the clip of the guy after the accident. He is ill, right - i mean mentally ill? I knew 2 people behaving like him - they have been locked up in a mental hospital. eventually ...
assume so.
he's on medication for schizophrenia or something like that? i forget
somebody liek him makes a death threat on camera he would be locked up in a mental hospital instantly here, at least that is what i've seen in the past and would expect.
because OP seems to think the issue is that its akward cause of the age difference.. but its akward because thats not even a little bit ok for anyone x.x
super creepy o_o
can you copy-paste it? don't want to click such links at work, monospace text in an irc browser is much less conspicuous
christ
the age difference is hardly the issue here..
what gets to me
the OP wasnt cluing into the fact that thats not ok in ANY CASE
the real issue imho
  +GorillaWarfare Yeah
matter if he's 26 or 58, what the shit
guy is a super creep, but it should be talk to him or HR to cut that shit out and it ends there.
the fact that they seem to be accepting it as something at all reasonable
:/ There are a lot of reasons people don't report workplace harassment
agreed.. i understand that, and this site is kinda a venting site for people
it be perhaps that the age thing makes it worse for her? (which feels kind ageist to me?)
don't think it's necessarily that it makes it worse, it's just weirder.
expect that behavior from young, lonely dudes.
grown ass men.
think the big point is that its harassment no matter what the situation
don't expect that behaviour from anyone :c
could be ageist, i think thats a secondary issue to the situation
part is that this person seems innundated with flawed societal norms
I don't think tagging age information on the end necessarily implies that the OP thinks that's the issue. Just a weird bit of it.
  +cirvinfox  true
not saying either way
don't think it's necessarily ageist? age among coworkers is often correlated with authority. i think if a 26-year-old coworker did this to me there'd be less of a power dynamic than if a 58-year-old coworker did.
  +Dirigible  ^
point
is the topic in question?

I don't think that the OP is the ageist one here, if anything. If anyone is, it's /probably/ the 56-year-old coworker - the whole fucked up "older guy scoring a hot young woman" kind of thing.
are a trainwreck
the hell would anyone claim to be married to a coworker if he isn't ...
<AbigailBuccaneer> men are a trainwreck
ok - missed the point there ;)
add AbigailBuccaneer: men are a trainwreck
flattered
your favorite name
lol
have a friend who is burp-positive but she's anti-fart.
that makes sens
  abyzou  Lol
  +LadyCailin e
can smell terrible
not really
can burps.
but it doesn't just noxiate the entire room. lol
felt privileged the time I was in the pub and the barman felt comfortable enough with his customers to toot freely.
  +cirvinfox  poot.
that gif
this guy is hitting on me, and just wants to be "friends"
met him once before, but I'm very not sure how he got my phone number, and now he's texting me
how to politely say "fuck off dude"
block his number?
maybe
not sure I can do that easily though
got a message from a guy  on OKC, he actually seems normal, this is a rarity. :)
my friend gave him my number.
  +LadyCailin >.>
friend. -.-
my barman knows not to give out my number.
mean, he is cute, and I don't mind talking to him, he is nice, but... geez, ask before you give someone's number out...
Now he basically told me that I should be sucking his dick. This conversation is over.
  +KittenButt wow...
does anyone think that's a good chat up line?
think if a guy goes straight to that kind of stuff it's generally reflective of his attitude to foreplay.
he knows that I'm into BDSM and a sub
my dom told me that, it'd be totally fine
  +LadyCailin *However*
is most definitely not my dom
x.x
fuck, what the hell is wrong with men?
men
said
etc. lololol, etc.
  +LadyCailin #yesallmen
  abyzou  Lol
  abyzou  #allmenmustdie
of sad
it to mans to be sad for mans~
not sad for men. Im sad about the situation
is a little planet with alot of people on it. half of them are so bad they could just as well die
not that sad?
90% really
still not extinction so not a big deal
will continue
  tempodivalse  hallo
  ottanta hello!
this on a random forum on the internet, got a laugh: "He's a sexless, childless old man who is broadcast on the TV telling women they should be having many children. Who is he?"
the pope
mean, the pope is an extension of the patriarchial society he exists within, rather than a voice within a void
I wasn't aware Francis had appeared on tv saying to have lots of children, though I wouldn't be surprised
it shouldn't be surprising that the pope is saying this ... But I found it humorous to think of him in those terms
of like politicians in the US talking about Family Values (TM)
me, how much hypocricy people can get away with
mean, they're kinda just trying to maintain the power structures which have benefitted them, from a conflict-based perspective they might feel threatened by an antithesis to those constructs
keep saying 'I mean'
a bad habit
anyone here recommend any non-binary contemporary classical composers?
was actually just seeking some feminist accordion-trio (or quartet, i guess) recs
doesn't seem to have anything
about someone like Janelle Monae?
<3
cool!
I think she's binary but there's always Wendy Carlos
you know... trans, so there's that.
can't emoji
irc
  ottanta ;_;
think I'm too old to emoji
don't know how they differ from smileys/emoticons.
  +Dirigible  ditto
think you just have to be using them for so long or from such an early age that they actually have social meaning to you
emotional meaning
i understand
idk what an "emoji" is exactly
it only the unicode set of icons
quite
it any sort of emote, text or graphical
emoji predate adoption into unicode, they originated with japanese cell phone msg software and apple messenger in the mid 2000s ish
are they any graphical emoticons
mostly not actually representing emotions, but they've kinda been standardised by unicode
kinda
  +Dirigible  ok
":)"
weird and the distinction is weird and silly and pointless
  +epi  smilie
"n_n" still a smiley
emoji is a single character
  +epi  yeah
emoji expert
was fiddling with them when i was writing something in java it didnt really work well
:>
hate when my phone replaces my text smileys with pictures
  void|cafe 💩
always been some graphic icons in unicode/the standards predating it, mostly because up until the late 80s programs typically rendered the interface in text, and business pcs and terminals used monitors that only displayed text
void
did void do? i only see a blank line
an emoji
my client must be stripping stuff out
lot of them won't render very well
on how your client is encoding text, etc
  +epi  👭
\U0001f4a9 poop?
void wrote, at least
  +epi  👽
ottanta, yes it is
  ottanta aliens
posted the 3 monkeys (see no evil, hear no evil, do no evil), the symbol for a lesbian couple, and an alien
saaam~
up Dirigible?
  +Dirigible  nothin'
singin'
why i pretend i'm a graphic designer
just makes me angry
are you then
  +Dirigible  angry
saw that
like that he keeps mixing up the shoes
people
sha512
new here
new person!
nice nick
:)
is porn,aggression,forcefullness so dominant
  +Euryale  what?
meant why these things are so much present everywhere, Euryale
sexually identify as a spork
  ovomaltino  hi
is a problem
is the difference between + and @ symbol
is perhaps for op
is for cis privilege
what problem
means?
is valentine's day
can i impose my white cis privileges without paying a dinner?
  ovomaltino  uff
  +KittenButt !femops
i will search that term
love how this day is called in English
sounds like it's literally my day
name
  ovomaltino  valentina
india some groups want to celebrate this day as parents' day instead of valentine's day
the boyfriend must pay the dinner for the mother-in-law too
  ovomaltino  smart
  sha512  ?
for my english
isn't any good either
your first language?
you want your boyfriend to pay for you and your mother's dinner?
  sha512  hindi
ok
im a male
too
  ovomaltino  XD
i'm white!
guess i messed up the meaning completely
is also epilepsy day, at least in poland
  +KittenButt 0)_(0
feminists
  +cirvinfox  hi
  +DrYucatan  Godmorgen!
morning!
  +KittenButt Morn'
it femining?
femining well!
us be femining together!
  FunnyMouth  hello
  +DrYucatan  Hello.
Emi
you keep linking the same thing in two channels
realise
are cute as hell tho
epi, double dose of me.
not complaining mrenda :p
link the same things in like 5 channels at once
I think that's how many channels I posted that in.
present played Gone Home?
  +epi  yes
liked it rather a lot, though it made me cry
  +epi  why?
loved Gone Home.
the physical copy is in stores
a SNES-like box
kinda want it
._.
uh, that makes sense now i guess
  +Dirigible  yeah
is on Netflix!
recommend it.
also recommend We Are the Best!
think danger 5 is on netflix now too, but uh, tw for like
lot of things
lot a lot, season 2 moreso
wow, Velvet Goldmine is on Netflix.
feel like there's a bunch more shit that's good on Netflix than I recall.
cant wait for it to reach aus
i just know license holders and content owners will fuck it up
it near?
launches next month i think, here
  +epi  finally
theres issues with competitors paying for exclusives already, and traditional networks fighting to have stuff exclusive to terrestrial tv
wow.
  +zip  mrow
I'm not about lately
zip
y'all
now that you're here!
  +Dirigible  ^!
casual transmisogyny on TV >:(
  +Euryale  eeew
>:(
  +Keilana  *hsss*
  +Euryale  >:[
Argent
in general is bad in my place..bias,misinformation,agenda-driven
boycott tv :D
that doesn't really help on an institutional level :1
there?
  +libbies  hello
:)
my very fisrt time here
  +libbies  welcome
trying to figure this out
you :)
the anti-intellectualism in the photo?
i have no idea what that is, texture makes me think photo though)
of some crappy newspaper.
you're looking on a dating website for a woman who doesn't use a computer...
  +libbies  well
hobbies include looking pretty, dresses, being quiet, and cooking for my man.
actually possible though
you consider a smart phone not to be a computer
they're only using okc on a smart phone or something
OKC app is pretty awful.
know it :P
still
saying
the tweet said as much as you did, so i was wondering if there was something else i was missing
itself is awful imo.
had more success in five minutes on POF than three weeks on OKC.
  quintainjusta lol
to self: create a pof account when i get back to mtl
dude sort of asked me out, he wants me to teach him to play chess. :3
mother laughed at me when I told her that. :(
not a dork! Jeez mom!
shit epi
shit
had no idea that was a thing
it shocks me that people don't realise its a thing
makes me feel worse about it really
should be better than this
for monday
  +Euryale  Monday!
  +yar  o/
you all doing today?
doing okay :3
a bit hungry but good
everyone's favorite feminist movie
drink some water
  +Euryale  meetings?
  +Keilana  meetings.
  +Keilana  lirl
not thor!
men. help us see the error in our ways!
wait
can't
silenced n_n
  +Dirigible  lirl
played
  +Keilana  n_n
oh wait, I forgot. It's MM ;)
  +Keilana  ;D
guys... better wait till tuesday
only they were not so oppressed they could take their place as the head of the famly
with men
  +cirvinfox  mornin
some weird reason
now have a mental image of DrYucatan trying desperately to push over a giant king piece from chess
first I doused the piece in petrol and lit it on fire.
  +Dirigible  :D
oppressive systems on fire can't ever hurt.
they fall over onto you
of setting things above you on fire :(
quote Phoebe the Flame Princess: "Needs more....fire."
why you set it on fire and then run away to watch from afar~
a profound piece, but still something which often goes overlooked.
is an article that helped me flesh out some of my own feelings and ideas about "sounding white"
good
think probably especially good for POC, mixed folks, children of immigrants
we also need to remember that we have the privilege of “switching off” the performed accent and go back to speaking with white accents that will never be mocked, degraded, vilified, and judged."
Last summer, I interned at a counseling center and was told by the office manager that I had “a bit of an accent” after I told her I was born in Pakistan. I felt insulted and offended by both of these incidents and I would think to myself, “How could they say I have an accent? I don’t!” Until I was called out on how problematic my framing of these experiences with racialization were, I didn’t realize that my anger i
that there was something wrong with having a South Asian accent."
people of color who have the privilege of “sounding white,” we need to challenge the ways we imitate the accented English of people in racialized communities. White people, especially those who claim to be anti-racist allies, should never imitate these accents or feel that it is “ok” for them to do so."
  +cirvinfox  interesting
used to do accent impressions
in general, usually related to someone on tv or something like that, an actual character, but i never framed it in this context, and now i feel bad :<
c:
thing i've struggled most with is using accents when retelling a story with an accented person in it, i guess
quoting someone or something
seems natural to want to quote something faithfully to its original but you can't really do that without framing the accent as a central focus
a matter of neutralizing it internally, i guess
i find accents interesting because they are insights into the differences in human languages and the histories of them
know i have an accent
standard english+ northeastern USA
often dont say 'for' as i would say the number 4
say 'fer'
part of it
are definitely interesting but also definitely not an excuse to mock them or adopt them for fun.
if you are a part of the same oppressed group
a different oppressed group
dont mock
do feel bad though, often times if im exposed to groups with a particular accent, my speech starts picking it up
think that's pretty common
i say something and flub it or its akward and im like well fuck now im an asshole
  +Dirigible  lol
sometimes come back from visits to the southern US with a twang
my family is from the south :p
to berlin, pickd up a bit of that, went to zurich.. didnt pick up anything there.. rome, yep. france not so much, london, not as much as i thought
i was younger i had a really hard time understanding my dad through his accent and i recall being annoyed at it
looking back i feel really, really awful about what a shit i was
channel needs more POC ._.
what accent?
it matter?
a few people here that have russian type accents, its interesting to listen
only curiosity, doesnt really.
akin to being badgered about where i'm "from"
prefer you not do that
thats not what i meant, apoligies
  +cirvinfox  :<
kind of annoying to get all pouty when someone asks you not to do something or calls you out
it's an attempt at reframing it so that the person you've offended should instead feel bad for and apologize to you
with the whole "oh god i'm so sorry i'm trash, i'm the worst blah blah blah" type stuff
yea, i see that. again, my apologies
good
peoples
thank you for posting those links
yeah this channel needs more POC
2nd one is really good~
  +yar  yeah
have thoughts on things but have to run out for now
hope you recall them later!
  +Dirigible  ;o;
WILLIAMS MAKE YOUR OWN SHOW PLS
  +Keilana  noooooooo
needs a show
  +Keilana  NEEDS
so great.
  +Keilana  *_*
there were a heart eyes emoji on IRC
would use that
  +Dirigible  <3_<3
  +Keilana  omg
  +Dirigible  ♥_♥
  +Dirigible  ❤_❤
THAT
  +Keilana  THAT
  +Keilana  ♥_♥♥_♥♥_♥♥_♥♥_♥
  +Dirigible  lirl
is how I feel about Jessica Williams
feel v ~~~ about her
williams~~
  +Keilana  mhmm
gr9
that’s right it’s monday
Monday@
  +duckasaurus  !
  +Dirigible  n_n
another Manless Monday~
yes
should write a feminist parody :P
wish I could do that and not go to prison :1
my Latin American Politics reading makes me ANGRY
US imperialism
poor boyfriend was just on the receiving end of like a 15 minute rant
NOTE how we call it an AFFAIR and not a fucking war against Nicaragua’s sovereign government
jfc.
wait
estimates are that 30,000 people were killed in the contra war
30,000 unnecessary deaths
to ronald reagan
that.
you read about salvador allende, operation condor amongst others keilana?
we’re talking about Allende next week
did the readin
yep
makes southern american country grow and develop like fuck
killed cuz >marxist
  +Keilana  yuuuup
that
america as a whole would be a lot more developed and stable by now if it weren't the Us
i normally use chile as an example cuz its where its the most blantantly obvious
for operation condor it can be directly attributed to the establishment and survival of many of south america's military juntas
sparking the falklands war when the argentine junta needed something to distract the people
everything that’s going wrong in latin america now is because the US chose to push military dictatorships
everything
it werent for that well, south america could have been an economic powerhouse by now .-.
is the US’s fault
  +Keilana  mhmmm
can say that about other countries as well
afghanistan
had one of the best universities in the world at kabul, now its just a ruin :|
  +Keilana  yeah
whole funding-the-taliban thing
  +Kaiserina  >reagan
  +Keilana  -_-
you wish that dude that wanted to impress jodie foster was successful eh
make bad puns
hi
  +Euryale  hi
  +Dirigible  omfg
these attentive little bbys
  +Dirigible  aaaaaa
  +Keilana  !!!!!!!!!!!!!
  +Kaiserina  3cute8me
  +Keilana  !!!!!!!!!
how do y'all like your pizza
bacon and olives when I’m feeling meat, artichokes and spinach when I’m not~
Dirigible
kinda crust
  +Keilana  depends
crust when I need cheap/fast and deep dish on “treat yo self” occasions
deep dish is life here~
don't really like thin crust
  +Dirigible  ever
not a popular stance.
pretty basic with pizza, my favorite is probably sausage and pepperoni
what kind of crust do you have
i like "california" ones
"hand-tossed" or thick crust if that's an option
pizza?
  +Dirigible  idk
think so
  +Keilana  mmmm
want pizza really bad now
  +Keilana  saaame
someone explain pinterest to me
pictures??
  +Dirigible  n_n
got what I thin is plumbers putty on my glasses ;_;
now the lens I got them on is super cloudy and I can't get it off!
if anyone knows how to fix this /please/ tell me
/query me)
got the things soaking in warm soapy water now :1
looks like my glasses are going to be okay.
several hours of scrubbing with dish soap later, and I can see through them again.
does, however, raise a salient point: Medicare, at least the version I have, does not cover medically necessary eyeglasses.
me explain something...
need eyeglasses to read and if I wasn't unable to drive /anyway/ due to other disabilities I wouldn't be able to operate a motor vehicle without glasses.
  +epi  :<
know why moderate astigmatism isn't a significant disability? Because it turns out we have technologies that remove the disability.
need my glasses to drive
and my Medicare plan doesn't /cover that technology/.
it is i still have some trouble reading signs
Yup... now imagine finding employment without being able to drive.
it's a major hurdle.
Half the entry-level jobs out there require a valid driver's license and/or a motor vehicle.
Public transportation sucks and limiting your job search to jobs that are on a bus line that's reasonably accessible from where you live is... yeah
  +epi  yeah
education is harder
work itself
covering eyeglasses is inhumane, but it's also /terrible/ policy just from a financial standpoint.
in it, if i sit close enough i can see
in an office environment it wouldnt be possible
  +Euryale  same
have to squint constantly to read a computer screen without my glasses.
forget about seeing signs.
I wrecked my old glasses I was without a pair for several months. It /sucked/
must have made strangers around me so uncomfortable. ;)
Not covering any health insurance on a single payer system seems strange
Oh... it's not a single-payer system :1
see, a couple years ago my government decided to save money... I mean be corrupt, and privatize their Medicare coverage.
if you're on medicare you chose between a handful of private health insurance plans and the state pays your premium.
this does not save money)
but by making it a private enterprise, it encourages efficiency!
more long waiting lists!
for speed!
If the three months I had to wait for a /cancer screening/ is any indication, this did not happen.)
fine, by the way)
its still monday - sorry, wrong timezone here ...
nope
okay
dumbass forgot to turn Monday off ;)
never sure when it's over ;)
I live in the United States.
they keep trying to do similar things in australia
it's a /horrible/ idea
basically if anyone did it they wouldn't leave parliament
thought so, but wasn't there this obama care thing or does that only cover a limited area?
be strung from the cieling and left there as a warning to future tories :v
it comes to healthcare I'm really happy to live in europe ... one thing that is not yet complately fucked up here - although a lot of people do their best to break it :(
Euryale you’re a mod right?
I am.
you should know that dolldagga is evading a ban.
in the usa mandates you buy private insurance, but also subsidizes and regulates it a bit, and sets up regulated markets
you have to get private insurance ... i did not know that.
  +Euryale  yup
kirjerkakka is a creepy stalker, and full of crap
I have Medicare, though. That's different than Obamacare
yeap, and if you dont, you get fined.
is the thing you get when you're unable to afford basic things. Instead of the state subsidizing you paying for stuff they just pay all of it.
a different program
there a thing where some state (vermont?) wanted to introduce single-payer healthcare but the obamacare legislation actually prevents doing so (for a while at least).
wearing glasses too an just was wondering what i had to pay for mine last time i got them
though Obamacare increased the amount you can make to qualify for Medicare.
remember they were seeking an exemption to be allowed to improve their healthcare earlier than that point.
I just signal-boost the fact that obamacare expanding the age at which people can stay on their parents' healthcare /really fucks over young trans people/?!
be fair the small-government douches tried their best to scupper it entirely.
i was a kid - i got a pair of glasses once per year subsidized by the health insurance, which was not private ... i think my parents had to pay 20d marks - about 10 euro byb themself. But when I got older that was stopped and they are not subsidized anymore, or only certain models, I can;t exactly remember
how so?
I assume the insurance companies / government then go “lol no you can’t have subsidised insurance because you can just use your parents”?
yea.
Basically, you /can not qualify/ for any government assistance on your own until your 26th birthday. If your parents are transphobes, you're essentially screwed out of transition services until that point.
exactly.
without that it seems like a silly policy tbh
policy is broken fundamentally
not bother to provide decent healthcare provision for everyone, just make them depend on others because ¯\_(ツ)_/¯”
while a nice gesture/step twoards doing it right, it needs a lot of work
mostly a nod and a boon to insurance companies.
it because private insurance is dominating the us market that anythin like obama care or similar is crippled so much?
not all states did, creating this gap wher you cant get on medicare and cant afford insurance anyway
all a big charlie foxtrot really.
works with insurance companies, its a federal mandate that you give these privat companies buisness
That was my point, any healthcare system that isn't single-payer (nationalised healthcare, ffs) is awful and weird :3
hate 'single payer' as a term, just call it nationalised healthcare, it's not a dirty word.
absolutely
nationalised nationalised nationalised
  +LambdaSix  >_<
are you, some kinda goddamn commie?!
i'm trying to compare to the european, or better - german model. Here we have private insurance companies and 'gesetzliche" insurance companies - 'gesetz" is law - so i think it can be translated as 'insurance by law' - it basically means that you have to be insured with one of them if you don't choose a privaet one.
Literally yes. :P
what does single payer mean? i'm lost (and english)
See you in hell, comrade ;)
The government pays insurance costs.
"single payer, also that payer is the government". great terminology, america
Like the NHS or any other centralised government run healthcare system.
It means that only one institution (the government) pays for /all/ healthcare.
  +LambdaSix  :(
my god... linking healthcare to your job is the /worst/
from a feminist standpoint
that’s pretty scary
still is a thing
healthcare i through my job
here it is linked to the job i think. but you still get it when you are without a job. Just when you have a job - you pay for it with a monthly fee taken from your income.
know a great way to get raped by your boss? Be disabled/chronically ill and have employer-provided health care because an abusive boss /knows/ they can exploit that shit.
you are without a job - well then the people with job pay for you basically
kids? better not lose your job. got a chronic illness? better not lose your job. trans? better not lose your job. btw we can fire you for any of these things without penalty. >_>
but Euryale, you can still keep the coverage if you'r elet go! you jus thave to pay the full premium!
It's worse than the full premium.
is /awful/
know -.-
and you only get to keep it for a few months
fired from my first job and that was the option, i declined, pre ACA an all that..
sounds all really terrible ...
  +Euryale  yup...
known a grand total of one person who elected to get COBRA coverage.
was disabled
was actually surprised to find out that the NHS is good even by European standards.
and she payed a couple THOUSANDS dollars a month for it.
  kirjatoukka :|
  +cirvinfox  yeap.
The NHS is frequently ranked quite high in league tables for health care, iirc
it be possible to get a job in canada when being diagnosed with something that needs more expensive treatment and then use the canadian health insurance system?
imagine you'd have to be a citizen
  +Euryale  ^
know it wiorks here, an ex colleague from the us worked in my office for some months when he was diagnosed with cancer and he had not to pay for the treatment and could stay home while still getting payment for 10 month due to inability to work.
I've looked at the Canadian immigration policy w/rt disability. Let's just say they're not particularly friendly toward allowing disabled people to immigrate. :1
is sad :(
pretty much like that in every country I know of :1
isnt all that different from the USA, dont expect any sympathy for not being able and normal.
the most derogatory sense of normal
I spent a while in Canada
laws might be a bit better than ours but at least from what I've seen, it's a shit-hole.
close friend of mine started working there some years ago - all he sends are pictures of snow ... :)
don't know if it was just where I lived there or something but I can certainly say that I faced a /lot/ more ableism north of the border than south of it.
mean in canada
the United States, at least the vast majority of people have the courtesy not to mock my disability in front of my face but in Canada people seemed to have this idea that they couldn't possibly be offensive because they're enlightened unlike their American neighbors :1
actually mock you???
all the time
have Tourette's syndrome.
sorry, thats awfull
it's kinda assholish :1
x.x
horrible Euryale  :<
even had people try to influence me into ticcing really inappropriate things.
News flash... it's not actually funny.
it's /legitimately dangerous/
least I was able to compensate for blurting out "fag" every couple minutes by making a point of always holding my then-girlfriend's hand in public :1
Yes! VERY MUCH SO!
the first thing that i assoziated with the term tourette was media induced and totally wrong ... that just happens so often and it's already a common practice for me now to first at least look something i only know from movies and media on wikipedia before commenting on it ... saved me from saying advanced bullshit so many times ...
:p
always the butt of jokes but nobody ever considers how serious it can be.
is actually /really fucking dangerous/ depending on the situation.
Спасибо , Друг
  +Euryale  :>
droog
days I just twitch a lot and mumble and make embarrassingly suggestive moaning/grunting noises.
blink
and lots of blinking
I used to make this awful, high pitched, ear-splitting bark.
so here's a bit of bullshit...
bits of bullshit.
The US passport agency thinks that there's such a thing as 'in progress' and 'complete' when it comes to gender transition.
and if they're not satisfied that you're sufficiently transitioned they will give you an 'in progress' thingy on your passport which is a temporary gender marker change and it's really super gross.
x.x
  +Euryale  yup
  +Dirigible  WTF
  +Euryale  yes...
  +AbigailBuccaneer ugh
friend keeps bugging me to visit him in the US
they know ANYTHING about.. nvm.
  +Euryale  also...
do not want to have to navigate border patrol while trans
If you have an error on your passport you can send them a form in the mail. There are a couple exceptions to this though...
changing your gender marker /requires you to show up in person/
even if all you're doing is dumping off some documents
because control, I suppose
dunno
US Customs and Border Patrol agents are trained specifically on how to interact respectfully with trans people.
  +Dirigible  Wow.
surprised at that.
  +Euryale  yup
can still ruin your day, though
heard a fair number of people say they can be shitty, but it's good to know they're at least trained to not be shitty
it's a lot less stressful for me since I'm a citizen and it's illegal for them to /not/ allow me into the country?
can still strip-search me for drugs though :1
bastards
know what?
should have a right to be searched by a trans cop
mean... I sholudn't have to submit to a search /at all/ but...
should have a right to not have to be searched by a cis person.
have a right to not be searched by a male cop... and yeah... great.
here's the thing: a cis woman is not acceptable
don't feel comfortable being naked in front of a cis person of /any gender/
us and canada are two countries i scratched off the "possible travels" list
US for a lot of reasons
that i can actually afford to do travels anyway so
the in-progress vs complete is fully dependant on what your doctor's note says nothing else
a holdover from when surgery was required
I know
passport agency doesn't care though, they're not going to look at your docs and say 'well, in progress!'
mine's going to come back as 2yr)
There are model letters to use. If you use the right letter it'll come back as full.
the state dept tells you exactly what to say
you can just present a birth certificate ;)
assuming your state isn't total shit
;P
you poor thing
I hear it's easier if you don't actually live there anymore)
control!
they will do it with a court order, just getting the order in TX itself is a pain
breaking research... assholish jokes make you an asshole.
whole idea of psychology will have to be revolutionized after this study
  morganq ~
  ottanta what
the cultural marxist part was a joke related to the content
I didn't get much sleep last night
okay, been there, ottanta :>
  +Dirigible  uhhhh
'respectabitch' :/
instagram.
crap I've seen.
is... satire?
  +Euryale  WTF?!
IS NOT HOW SATIRE WORKS YOU GODDAMN FEDORA!
tags or comments or w/e don't indicate they find these images anything but funny.
they're meant to be anti-violence or some crap?
oh my god, I'm incredibly angry right now
make wrist bands with "I <3 My B*tch" on them???!?!
I want to smash things
not 'empowering women' or 'preventing violence'
is /condoning rape/
to be trollin'.
what the fuck...
  +Euryale  the...
MY GOD!
caught us!
so sorry ;_;
is not parody it is...
much hate speech
  +cirvinfox  :<
to pass my rage on.
typos! They burn!

are you angry about? Cissexism? Because I am.
Something called RespectABitch
instagram.
Wednesday!
protray like professional portrayal
a beneficial one
  +Dirigible  wat.
was responding to Euryale's post from an hour ago :/
it's kind-of interesting that the circles I follow online haven't been talking about Ozgecan Aslan's murder
that I mean, people on twitter, though I'm speaking purely from ignorance, if I look at their twitter feeds I could probably find conversations about it
  Vast  Hello
evening
Cloud.
yes. ofcourse.  Im from sweden so time is different here
many flippin' nicks are you going to come in under, Pluto/Betelguese/Cloud/Vast?
have not decide my name yet
wanted vast but.. did not work somehow
about it? No one knows me yet anyway
find it amusing that after /parting after "taking the hint" you return under a different nick.
I am still curious
decided to come back because I found out what went wrong
to continue on the discussion based on the missunderstanding was not intresting
fresh start seemed like a good idea
enough.
got the question, are you a man. And my respons was yes. But that is not true
correct answer is. I do not know If I am a male. I know that I am male
i mean
see.
you don't know if you're male but you know that you're a man? wut?
I believe there is a difference.
of them is a picture of what I am supposed to according to the majority. The other one is strictly biological.
am I going to have to explain why 'sex is between the legs and gender is between the ears' is bullshit?
I am supposed to be. I seem to leave out some important words in my sentences :)
I do not believe so.
I guess I'm confused, then
I am saying is this. I can not chance what I look like. But I can chance who I am
sounds a lot like what Euryale was referring to
are you saying your transgender?
  +Euryale  you're
that is not what I mean
I'm lost.
sorry this is not my native language. I will do my best to explain
I understand it. there is a view of how we are supposed to be based on what we look like. In society
but you said you're sure you're a man but you're not sure you're male.
to society I am supposed to be a man because I look like one.
  +Euryale  right...
do not even know how they define it and I am not intrested in fulfilling there wishes.
but saying 'I'm not going to fulfill my assigned gender roles' does not excuse you from male privilege or make you any less of a man :1
I agree.
I do not agree that I am a man because that is describing more than what i look like. That describes my way of being.
you're a man. Sorry.
i got this wrong. Anyhow I think you know what I wanted to say whatever the correct word for it really is
you just sound like a dude struggling with what it means to be a dude?
arriving at "this isn't fair!"
see your point
the consideration you are reffering to. then yes I am
do I agree with everything I am suppsed to be? No I do not
roles suck.
rolls are delicious.
Yes, they do.
though as a cultural construct it's hard to really have meaningful gender without gender roles.
is an odd statement that probably requires a lot of explaining :1
we want meaningful gender?
I think so. It seems to make people comfortable. Also, would it really be a bad thing provided that society could embrace the idea that people may assign their own gender?
can't imagine meaningless gender, and I can't imagine gender without all this binarism and assigning male/female traits as good/bad.
mean, you can have meaningful gender identity without the binary
feel that there's a difference between empowering non-normative genders /while still recognizing/ that these genders are non-normative. I feel that the idea that we have to dismantle the binary in order to empower non-binary gender is rather... unnuanced?
I'm non-binary)
as a politically active, disabled person this concept is quite comfortable to me.
really do feel that the trans community needs to borrow /heavily/ from disability civil-rights)
what do y'all think of the term "non-binary"?
have a friend who feels that "non-binary" is colonialist and that they should not have to situate themself according to a Western gender binary
think their argument is that it erases iaopoc outside of the binary
= indigenous and/or people of color)
is sort of the default western terminology
everyone outside the binary does get sorta defaulted to that as a result, i guess
we definitely ascribe strongly to the gender binary
what's the alternative verbiage
think it came up because someone used "male, female, non-binary" or "male, female, trans" as catchalls
they were saying they preferred "people of all (and no) genders" or similar
definitely have tended towards going with sort of.. negative identifiers? if that makes sense
men", "not cis", etc
see 'trans and non-binary' a lot too.
negative identifiers makes lotsa sense.
of seems weird to frame it around the oppressive set though.
  +GorillaWarfare Yeah
a wise person once theorized that we're judged based on shades of man.
  +GorillaWarfare yech
was interesting but I couldn't do it justice.
see if I can find a verbatim bit.
you gotta have claws on
have honestly yet to see a gender in /any/ culture that is not man or woman which is define in a way that is not in relation to man and woman.
and the ability to talk about gender in relation to the host culture is incredibly important given the fact that gender is fundamentally cultural/social.
to ask that non-binary people stop using non-binary because it somehow erases the gender of people who /live in a different culture/ is to strip non-binary people in /this/ culture of an important and needed tool to describe our own genders to other members of our own culture.
Is your friend actually part of a culture that recognizes more than two genders?
  +GorillaWarfare Yes
don't think anyone is asking others to stop using non-binary, but to stop using it as the default for everyone outside the binary?
if you're western and wanna use two-spirit, that sucks. If you're two-spirit and don't wanna be defaulted to non-binary, that makes sense.
think that applying ideas of gender across cultures is just fundamentally broken and we should try not to do that.
seems in line with GW's friend's thinking.
do you mean? If you're not native american you have no right to appropriate two-spirit, period :1
  +Dirigible  Exactly.
I think Dirigible put it well
also think that people can have different genders in different cultural contexts.
you identify as a gender outside the binary, it seems like it would kinda suck to be lumped in as "non-binary"
of erases your own identity
you could say the same about other umbrella terms
Yeah... that's the problem though. Gender is more than just your identity.
don't think those things are in conflict.
Well... identity is /part/ of gender. Certainly how you see yourself, in a just society, must factor into how others should relate to you w/rt your gender.
kind of erases your /cultural identity/ to be defaulted to the western "non-binary"
you are not western and are outside the binary.
I should re-state that: Identity isn't part of gender, per-se, but in a just society the way you apply gender to yourself should inform how other people apply gender to /you/.
need more POC in this channel >:(
I don't really see the relevance of your statement, I think.
more !US
as a westerner, you'd default to calling them non-binary even if they've expressed to you that they're ____?
  +Euryale  nono!
think the point is that non-western non-binary folk would like the cultural aspect of their gender recognized as its own instead of defaulted to in western terms.
would still refer to them as whatever gender they use to describe themselves but that gender would still be understood, by me, in relation to genders that I was raised with.
don't think that's in conflict with not using non-binary as a default.
'man, woman and non-binary' is... yeah
agree so far as that, yes
better to say 'all genders'
I definitely think that non-binary is a /very/ useful concept...
I know what might be the sticking point.
in a western culture talking about westerners.
think maybe some people might be treating non-binary as a gender in-and-of-itself?
non-binary is not a gender. 'non-binary' is a way of talking about gender that is not man or woman.
honestly don't have the cultural tools to describe my gender in a meaningful way so I default to 'non-binary' as a way of saying "Yeah... not those things"
but being third gender is its own thing, not just tossed in to non-binary.
that's fair enough.
is, to me, more an issue of cultural erasure.
  +GorillaWarfare Agreed
less to do with gender and binary.
basically saying "we as a Western culture are used to male and female, and everyone else can go in the "not those" category"
  +Dirigible  Yes.
WE'RE A CHRISTIAN NATION
really but that's what i was remound of
judging the world based on "christian" ideals and whatnot.
instead you're judging the world based on westernized gender.
would honestly be interested in knowing more about non-western gender and how many of them conform to what we would understand as 'non-binary' though :1
but this is not something I will ever be able to really do.
it's not really salient to the question
I found the verbatim bit I was looking for.
  +Euryale  oh?
I'll drop it here to discuss, but I don't wanna attribute it since they're not here to speak on it/defend it.
there's no such thing as outside the binary in Western culture. It's a fantasy. You're either treated as a man or not man. Gender freaks are just viewed as 'super gay' or 'super dyke'. So still within the binary of man and woman, but with the nebulous homophobic aspect thrown into the mix."
article alyx wrote some time ago says similar things afaik
non-binary genders are not really made real by culture in the west because if what that quote describes
my...
I have to say I agree with that.
fuckable by straight men, and freaks" <-- going to go ahead and be really blunt about it.
and everything really is in relation to manhood
my god... I just had an epiphany!
:)
here's the thing: I'd always assumed that the binary is fundamental to patriarchy, but when you break the binary down like that...
Western culture you have "man, man's fuck-toy, and not-sexually-useful to men"
binary is the first two, and then everyone else
who don't get our own gender because that gender would have no significance other than being worthy of contempt to the patriarchy.
but other cultures that have more than two genders /would/ have some role those of the third gender would have to men.
warning for what?
warnings are useless unless you inform people what the trigger may be
the URL probably explains it
jesus fucking christ
necessarily~
shit's bad, yo
  +LadyCailin lol
it's not a trigger warning
violent homophobia?
I just realized, but that's 3 years old apparently.
example, you could be TWing for CSA but not violent homophobia because you thought violent homophobia was apparent by the URL.
someone clicks, not expecting to encounter CSA.
<Euryale> ... who don't get our own gender because that gender would have no significance other than being worthy of contempt to the patriarchy. <-- makes sense
if your a girl i will drown you in the bathtub, and if your a guy and your turn into a faggot ill kill you" <-- nice :1
sickening
do people get that crazy?
  +RevertToType >.>
anyone wants to know the channel, query me)
There you are :>
"crazy" slurs pls
What does that term mean?
Someone who is neither male nor sexually useful for cishet men.
what term?
  +LadyCailin Oh
it used as a slur?
if you're not a man and you're not fuckable, you have no place in the patriarchy and you /will/ be oppressed.
"Gender Trash"
Never seen it used as such.
  +LadyCailin Oh
mean i don't use it that way
but I certainly wouldn't use it unless you're trans yourself, for sure :1
and the folks who use it often use it cause we're nonbinary and have just serious antipathy toward the concept of gender... usually cause we're similarly "genderfuck" or whatever and kinda revel in it
cause it's just plain amusing to use :V
the point of reclaimatory slurs is to /highlight/ systems of oppression in order to build solidarity. Even though this term is not a slur, it is explicitly designed to highlight these systems.
like genderfuck
partner also likes gender detritus
like that a lot too
I absolutely love 'gender trash', it's so empowering :>
think trash just felt better in our circle cause we're more like weirdo hackers/makers/repurposing used objects types
mean hehe my friend likes talking about "running estrogen on unlicensed hardware" and whatnot cause she's a gearhead...
also just generally think "detritus" is a great word
a great word!
describes my house decorating asthetic
I /really/ want to run with you and your friends now. Will you please adopt me? :B
you like burritos?
LOVE BURRITOS!
in
the food or was that a euphamism for penis?
I'm down with both
food
burritos!
also have a gendertrash bowling night
think when you're an oppressed minority, it's important to call out oppression in any way possible.
bowling and burritos...?
  +GorillaWarfare <hearts-with-eyes-emoji>
jeez
  +LadyCailin lol
what I meant
  +GorillaWarfare <face-with-hearts-for-eyes-emoji>
ireally want one now
goddamnit now I want one
me
make you folks burritos
make pretty good burritos for an irish chick
this point you really have no choice, you've incited a ravenous horde, RevertToType
now i want one it's like a yawn
or chicken burritos?!
burrito
burrito
  +RevertToType veggie
BEST KIND!
kind? yes.
roasted veggie burrito
THERE’S A BURRITO PLACE HERE THAT MAKES A GOAT CHEESE AND BLACK BEAN BURRITO AND IT’S SO GOOD
I HAVE A NEED
i soak beans for a few days in tons of cumin and stuff
slow cook 'em and make some decent rice
pizza
like cooking with/for people
a pizza, but wiht burrito toppings
Oh? In that case I'm here to please ;)
also love making chili but my roomies aren't into spicy stuff
love spicy stuff!
roomies are borrriiing!
accidentally maced my partner just by cooking
white bean chili is where it’s at
try very hard to figure out how to incorporate habanero into everything I make :>
make my own purees with habaneros, ghost and smoked/dried pequins
a few spoons of that in mole would be slick
  +RevertToType hrm
i need to go find food now
sorry
I’m so hungry now
so cute
want one :<
not right now
  +LadyCailin Eventually
not nearly stable enough yet
I ever found myself financially stable I think I would like a child too...
little one, I will show you many things and you will grow up /fierce/"
  +LadyCailin hehe
want a little girl, I think
going to adopt, I'm sure
honestly don't know what I'd do with a boy :1
  +LadyCailin lol
baby happens* :<
"please turn out to be trans..."
do you mean you dont know?
don't think I'd make a good parent for a boy :1
if I somehow got a boy, or turns out that my "daughter" is actually my son, I'd handle it fine, I'm sure, but... I just would prefer a girl.
do you think that?
gender is the problem" is a message that men need to listen to but it's not particularly healthy for children and especially not from Mom :p
imagine whatever gender child you have you'd do the best you can by them
I did have a boy, he would grow up to be the most awesome man ever, though <3
  +LadyCailin hehe
sure you would be a wonderful mother, no mater what gender your child is ^_^
if you have a baby boy you would love him like a human being.
do you instill a sense of responsibility for his male privilege without teaching him to be ashamed of being male :1
actually something I have grappled with before
  +Euryale  oh?
the bottom line is, that's why I'm so supportive of allies
ALLIES
I disagree. lol
not against privileged people who support oppressed people but 'ally' is a way for privileged people to feel entitled to the struggle.
dunno how my friend is doing it aside from not forcing patriarchal crap on her son
is refering to males who share your goals?
seems to be growing up solid :/
well, perhaps I'm using the wrong terminology
having a trans sister might be helping that one too
The thing is, he'll pick it up from his peers and other adults :1
little shits, they're magnets for bigotry :1
sure you try the best you can to ice that by raising them in a solid space that knows that stuff is messed
sure...
but when the chips are down, they're the first to give up the fight.
mean, there's nothing wrong with having privilege, just so long as you understand that, and don't yourself oppress anyone with it where possible, and help fight for the oppressed groups when possible.
very well may be true
and they still feel entitled to recognition.
as a parent of a privileged child
a decent human being" <-- good for you?
have an opportunity to instill the correct values in your child
sure
a parent though, you have to congratulate your child for that
I work with lots of anti racist orgs as a SERIOUSLY white person
full well the stakes are not at all high for me... i'm cool with being thrown around as a foot soldier
i've never self referred as an ally
in mind, I'm not talking about the average cishet white male, I'm talking about your cishet white male child
  +LadyCailin So
conversation is pretty narrow
yeah... point.
you have to explain to them that "Fuck ALL men" doesn't mean fuck them, it means fuck male mentality
child isn't an internet troll
going to make "My child isn't an internet troll" bumper stickers
wiggles have an episode explaining the antifascist movement right?
I need my kid to learn this in an accessible way
so that includes explaining, perhaps frequently, how to be a good ally, and how to understand the anti-ally stance.
injecting levity)
hahaha
yeah, this is actually something that I've given a decent amount of thought to
guess as a disclaimer though, I should state that I do like actual allies, and think that they are a necessary component of any oppressed group, because by definition the oppressed group will never be "let in" to the majority group to enable a meaningful conversation.
if you think I'm wrong about that, then perhaps you should take with a grain of salt my parenting advice. lol
main problem I have with allies is that they have an inherent conflict of interest. They want the oppressed group to be empowered but they also want to be comfortable.
aren't going to be let in but they can bust in~
I don't want to be "let in" or granted passage by the oppressor.
and the /only/ way for a truly oppressed group to gain real power is by making their oppressors uncomfortable.
liberal bullshit.
perhaps I'm a liberal.
ass disingenuously or not so that I may be ~allowed~ respect? nah.
you Dirigible :>
that much is obvious.
eventually. when your goals are met. Everyone will be allies
they ~let~ you in then they'll just as easy kick you out again or make that passage contingent upon whatever they want.
so.
wait... we need allies because only allies can truly speak to other oppressors for us? WHAT THE FUCK?!
  +Dirigible  lol
the only ones the oppressors will meaningfully listen to, yes
you let other oppressors speak for you, what do you think that says of you? And what of your message?
what of the telephone distortion that occurs when they try to translate your struggle?
What about the fact that the oppressor 'ally' is in a position to gatekeep the message of the oppressed? Oppressors don't repeat things that make them uncomfortable, you know.
  +Dirigible  Yep.
believe both should be used.
I'm not saying that we, as an oppressed group should shut up and let the allies handle it
I disagree with the idea that allies should be the ones speaking
so problematic
like i'm fine with having some folks who are privileged in my movement, just not leading it or taking control..
them in your movement is different to insisting you need allies and love allies and can't move forward without allies.
like allies, but they should be playing supporting roles
  +RevertToType ^^
precisely.
dunno if i like them but they have uses
trans dudes who actually call out their communities for transmisogyny and stuff
like having them around so I an say "hey take out your trash"
I suppose that's a broad statement given the number of shitty allies I know :P
heh
hell no am I gettin' in those hornets nests
can only speak for myself but. For me the message is stronger if both males and females say the same thing. If only males speak for female intrests, then it would be problematic. But if no male spoke for female that would also send a bad message.
why would men want women to be equal?
would any oppressor want an oppressed group to gain power?
power is a zero-sum game. :1
it would be good for men if women were equal if they were to consider the large picture.
not problematic to say things that men disagree with; hell, that's feminism
can't have power over someone who is empowered themselves.
What is that large picture, then?
if we're just saying things that men agree with that means we're doing something wrong :1
the meaning of life. What is true happiness? I think it is to work together and help one another. To give and recieve love. Power is nothing really. Its just our need to reduce fear.
  +Dirigible  lirl
you're not really talking about anything meaningful or concrete.
practice listening more.
if Cloud does that, how will we get the male opinion on how to say things men agree with and see the larger picture?
  +GorillaWarfare ~~
I do have a point. but I will nto take up any more space. If you are curious, ask me in private.
  +Dirigible  lirl
you don't have a point
will not fight with you
:)
  +GorillaWarfare Anyhow
that we've been derailed
to business
  +GorillaWarfare ^
allies
you /won't/ fight with us >.>
'A' on why allies suck.
well. I'm talking about good allies. lol
  +Dirigible  eyeroll
are rare
are rare, too.
good ally doesn't need catering to
doesn't need to speak for you
if you're a 'good ally' you're not an ally, you're just being a decent human being. You don't get a special place in the movement for being a less-shitty oppressor.
so much fucking focus on allies as it is
as an identity, "ally" as the a in LGBTQIA+, allies as oppressed
jesus...
I've heard a /lot/ of whining about how 'allies' are oppressed 'cuz other oppressors don't like being challenged
when i was still all reddit-y i ran into some crappy thread of allies crying about how hard it was being an ally
when people find out they are an ally, they get bullied too ;o;
they want a prize for being oppressed?
wanted cookies for being an ally when being an ally is ~such hard work~
never met these so called allies in any org... we're all just doing our shit and never thought "hey... I'm being a good person right now... good job me"
it's basically that weird oppression olympics shit
oppressed too!"
  +GorillaWarfare "...sorry?"
like that entitled
want you to know what i'm losing to support you"
do you call a person who's calling out shit in their own community
  +Dirigible  bullshit
  +Dirigible  not-necessarily-shit
my partner locks horns endlessly with transbros cause they suck
  +Dirigible  nice
super important
known a lot of dudes who can talk the talk
fucking never ever call out other dudes
  +Dirigible  worst.
out your trash.
  +GorillaWarfare ^^
know what the worst is? Oppressors who are allies because they want to be liked by the oppressed group.
especially men
  +Dirigible  uuugh
who are 'feminists' because they want feminists to want to be their girlfriend/sleep wit hthem
  void|work Gross.
also a more.. almost innocuous shade of it
like
or men who engage in anti-racism 'cuz they sexually fetishize whatever group they're 'trying to help'.
been outcast by other oppressors, oppressed, take me in!'
fucks.
thanks alyx_
sure if I could describe that as innocuous :s
not born of the same predatory stuff, I think.
I was reading an article the other day about this guy who was a major 'feminist leader' (eew) who ended up getting accused by an entire group of women of rape. :1
the portland dude?
and I've seen that a /lot/ in my personal experiences
  void|work :|
  +Euryale  yeah
that was fucking gross.
seen trans fetishists infiltrate trans spaces on more than a few occasions.
  +Dirigible  Ugh.
don't understand how people be like that.
what happened with Hugo Schwyzer?

familiar.
like put on a mask and actl ike something they are not?
I think it's a combination of not really seeing your victims as human beings and trying to assuage their guilt.
Maybe... mostly just /be/ in those places.
an ally!"
OKAY THEN
though there have been a few trans people who are clearly trans-targeting sexual predators and I kinda look at them with a sideways glance.
  KingEdgar huh?
In the trans community there's a widespread understanding that guys who seek out trans women are /not to be trusted/
  +Euryale  yup
so there's an incentive for a predator to pose as a trans person in order to defuse that suspicion
  KingEdgar ._.;;
you're trans /and/ a sexual predator, chances are good the liberal trans spaces (which is the vast majority of them), will fall head-over-heels to protect you against rape allegations.
  +Dirigible  blech
had my administrator privileges revoked from a major trans support forum and basically told to 'drop it or leave' when I complained that another trans woman who raped me was also using the forum.
Anne Lawrence.... she lives in my city
isn't healthy :S
  +Dirigible  WTF
shit Euryale
fucking fucked up
you... using the forum to /scout other victims/ as well
gets eggs pelted at her house every once in a while by some gendertrash
Yeah... trufax
  +alyx_  jfc
sorry that happened to you, Euryale
Though, I guess developing a sort of protective family atmosphere is kind of, while not a good outcome in this case sort of what happens? I'm not sure if there is a word for this sort of thing tbh...just trying to remember a term I heard somewhere
the owner of the site was like "It's just your word against hers and you sound like a vengeful ex so... you must be lying" and I'm like "Talk to [other forum member] who witnessed the violence first hand!" "Yeah, but she's your friend and probably lying for you"
  KingEdgar ._.;;
christ
Dirigible. It hurt a lot, especially how I lost my community and my ability to provide aid to other trans people which is something I /really/ need to do for emotional reasons.
can't imagine.
forgot... my friend witnessed me getting emotionally bullied and scared to the point where I broke down and got my hands on a weapon and used it to keep my aggressor at bay. According to the site operator, that made me the aggressor 'cuz weapon.
  +Dirigible  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.
fucking awful
  KingEdgar anyways
  KingEdgar brb
and that was the moment I turned from a trans activist into a feminist
that shit, right there
  +tinystoat  uhm
  +tinystoat  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
you imgurian of the day.
needed that.
happened o-o
you need to shake that timeshare braincell of yours, it's shorting out.
I Was wondering if something happened in imgur thati  am not seeing right now or if someone posted something before i reconnected
you're unaware of all the MRA's on imgur, then?
it wouldn't surprise me but I don't go to imgur TOO Much just got it on now that you said this
posts saying exactly what 'equality' just posted in here?
I see it was a reference to what they said
there was a great comment on imgur recently after yet another MRA post: (paraphrased) if i only ever spent my time on imgur learning about life through this site i'd think men were oppressed.
thrown.
morning
tachikoma :3
  +Euryale  eep!
don't really understand why some feminists are so much against 50 shades of grey…
because it normalizes rape culture?
I have to say I haven't read/watched it. Is it so crude?
about an abusive relationship.
wrong channel
thanks!
that there so much hype towards this this. Unavoidable :|.
think there's also a bit of a craze with the idea that there's a film being aimed purely at women (for once.)
same thing happened with Magic Mike, but any guy I know who saw that thought it was actually an OK film.
so sick of video games i want to destroy them and all the men who play them
all games
was thinking the same kind of thing
finding so many online games now have such toxic communities
of trash talking and idiotic nonsense
gaming community itself is pretty toxic
least war thunder gives me the opportunity to blow up neo-nazis and nationalists
  +Kaiserina  ehehehe
soviet planes i hope
  +Kaiserina  :3
  +epi  yeee
decal on the side says 'For Stalin!' and i'm using that plane to try unlock 'Death to Fascism!'
150 kills with the I-16 type 28 or type 18, total
it turns really well which gives it an edge when pursuing in a dogfight
18 isn't as well armoured, just 4 of the little machinegun
it still tears up wings
  +epi  anyways
don't know anything about war planes except death and destruction and fear and impotence.
duck.
  +epi  quack
  +tinystoat  exactly!
if you're quoting something >.>
i meant duck when it flies over.
yeah
i'm using my own words. i don't know much else but emotional reactions. :D
  +epi  heh
for war planes.
prefer all planes were just for transport and for looking at how great things are/could be
much else lately.
i agree fully with that sentiment.
all for non-aggro activies and fun fun fun.
more fun.
goes for space (but also geosats and comsats and gps/glonass/etc sats and science sats are important)
have a dream to make my own tiny satellite and ad more junk up there.
  +tinystoat  add
unfortunately, terrible people run everything :v
saw it on a maker faire thing once.
:3
yes they do.
was a news report here recently where a kid attached a camera in a box to a weather balloon and let it go
the camera back from a farmer a few km away months later, it took like half an hour to fall from 100k
be cool
unbelievable, eh? i bet it was a fascinating video when it wasn't spinning.
  +epi  heheh
tinystoat c:
hello! :)
was stable enough to show bits of the balloon floating below it
is the best name btw
ARE tiny! :D
thank you very much i'm honoured you like it.
yes yes! haha
wow i should look that one up.
yeah that reminds me i have to finish my logo.
was on abc news (australia)
exactly! my favourite excercise!
just wanted to bring this to your attention
Frat Move" is an extremely misogynistic website that should not be welcome on my campus.
push rape culture and degrade women on a regular basis
sure what to do about it
good to see that the announcement can’t even decide how to spell his name.
don't think any of us have that many twitter followers...
I wish there was a way to bring awareness to this
so ridiculous they were invited to speak here
  carlee_ex_carl  Who?
Frat Move
i never heard of them, i had to look them up
are so fucking offensive
they invited the CEO to talk here to young entreprenuers, just perpetuating and legitimizing them
seems like he just invented a site that's like a half-assed version of urbandictionary.
account is @totalfratmove
is pretty gross. i'm glad nobody i know IRL would defend this shit
state entity] is looking to formalise a standard format for representing people (among other things) in all internal and commissioned systems
9309 doesn't actually have a 'gender' field, only a 'sex' one, and it's female/male/unspecified, which is not ideal
now, the fields in the draft spec are 'female', 'indeterminate', 'male', and 'unspecified', which will explicitly force people to lie
would like to present the argument this is problematic and that binary gender is bullshit without being dismissed as a fringe nutter
at least get them to add an 'other' option
have explicitly stated they're open to feedback, and i am in a position where i can provide some
it seems they're reasonably progressive; unlike most things i've dealt with from this state, their 'name' field isn't required to be split in two
adding an 'other' option the right thing here? i don't think free text is likely to be taken as a serious suggestion :<
does anyone have any other recommendations? my current comment pretty much boils down to 'binary gender is bullshit and ICAO 9309 sets a really bad example, you should at least add an 'other' option'
question the assumption that they need to know that data
might be optional, hang on
  colons  yep
on the context of the data being gathered, it very well could be necessary; if they're trying to measure discrimination of any kind that would be useful
this document explicitly states it is optional
all systems would be expected to handle it not being provided
have "Male", "Female", "Prefer not to disclose", and "Other (please specify)" with a write-in option, so if a person identifies as a male woman, or a female man, or intersex, or genderqueer, or whatever then that person can self-disclose as whatever.
seems sensible, that's what they're doing with 'title'; free text with preset answers that aim to cover 95% of the population
make sure to sanitize it so some cheeky bastard doesn't put in " '); DROP TABLE users; --" as their gender.
  colons  hah
is my gender though :C
a spec, not an implentation
thing we're developing will probably not respect genders that can't be encoded in unicode
[opens mouth and thousands of bees come out]
  colons  implementation*
  +Keilana  beeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
funny enough, i know someone who identifies as bees >_>;;;
so no Nazgul gender gotcha.
🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝
  colons  hi
that's bees if you font supports it.
  petn-randall  *your
  colons  🐝🐝🐝🐝
i guess mosh strips emoji out :<
fine when i ssh into this session
doesn't support it in HexChat
when i mosh in they're gone :<
I see are boxes with zeroes in them
  petn-randall  Muahahahah
tempted to quote a certain Nicholas Cage movie right now...
do
never watched it, but i know it's from wicker man right?
  +Keilana  beesbeesbees.com
don't know how I know this
cool thanks, i'll suggest free text in a tasteful way
i'll praise them for making it optional in the hopes of making some friends
I've seen this several times before, but still have no clue where this is from. o.O
idea
think it's from Oprah
  saimazoon hello
cool
  +libbies  hmm
that is super useful, thanks
good!
just said to me,
yoshi's island"
  +Dirigible  o_o
poor poor human
an island in the Mediterranean known for its elaborate waterworks."
had to Google it
  +Dirigible  ;o;
and... what isit?
know of Mario but have never played
  +Dirigible  nuit..
  +Dirigible  nuit...
its ok, i hdont know much about it either
  +GorillaWarfare mrrr
  +GorillaWarfare lethargy
  +Dirigible  um
& stitch is on netflix
  +Dirigible  best
never seen that movie
it really good?
good
have to watch it then
realised some time ago that a bunch of shit i say is from that movie
feel like i've been badgering people to see it for months
is it about, Dirigible?
computer reboot time
and stitch is 1 of the better disney animated movies
yeah riddim
slept on, ppl forgot about it
know how they make a big deal about the disney princesses? y didn't they include lilo in that shit?
always got left out
stopped working on my linux ;o;
did, yeah
a sign u should just pirate shit
pirate p much everything
netflix fat cats in my crib
well you pick and choose
  bajin arrr
what the shit
need therapy
dying from laughter
mins?
  +Kaiserina  yes
its a bit nsfw
it broke my brain
broke :P
every possible imaginable way
is just so fucking stupid
god they're reading it aloud
we ban people putting stammering in things to show shyness
s2g
  +Kaiserina  :P
warned yee
skipping ahead by five minutes at a time or so
but you'll miss the twist!
I don't feel like watching the whole thing would make me any less confused
the part where he yells "FEMINISM IS A SHAM"
I'm supposed to be writing about the Cold War!
hahahah
better not watch it :P
  +GorillaWarfare shhhshsh
gotta go to bed
whole body is aching from laughing ahaha
  +GorillaWarfare :)
Kaiserina
is this some porn game?
a parody of visual novels
a visual novel
  +GorillaWarfare yeh
  +GorillaWarfare :P
the bear's a mra
was euphoria inducing lol
from this shit blatantly ripping off an indigenous woman's work, “a tribute to the primal woman indigenous to this land, who evolves into a sexualized, empowered being“
  +Dirigible  wow.
quite a lot wrong with that i think
morning modulus
Dirigible
is garbage day?
all
  petn-randall  morning
:)
know this is really not the most appropriate channel but i have nowhere else to turn :(
I have no idea
guess is that the balm would just act as a protective layer in the same way as a plaster would.
makes a lot of sense kirjatoukka
stop harassing men, we have feelings too.
  ugb38 thx
needed]
was quick
  +Kaiserina  >men
feelings
for the help last night peeps, people in positions of power are at least pretending to care
people trying to convince me that "the friendzone" and "friendzoning" is a real thing
no
enemyzone them
  +LadyCailin haha
Roi decided this morning that she prayed on it and she won't be able to care for Bay"
fuck that
thing is, she's not even discriminating against the parents, she's discriminating against the baby
Theory is as bad as Nuclear Weapons.
fuck is wrong with people
kind of thing isn't sustainable right? eventually everyone would lose their jobs and there'd be no more marriages?
i thought he loved the nuclear family
family
to make white people mad: tell them you hate The Departed
tell them Infernal Affairs is better)
affairs is better :p
is objectively better.
what that is
of those
  +Dirigible  moofies
movies
  +Dirigible  yah
only seen infernal affairs and tbh dont really care to see the departed
both based on somebody named whitey bulger
whitey a real first name
Infernal Affairs actually based on Whitey?
thought the departed threw in characters loosely based on Whitey Bulger and whoever.
i just skimmed both pages
yeah
don't see the departed
long and boring and the accents are awful
dont think id even pick up on the latter
they were like REALLY awful
think they're obnoxious enough that you would
they worse than deanna troi
  +Dirigible  idk
  +alyx_  ayyy
see alyx_
reason for all the trans murders its cuz of the START treaty
  +Kaiserina  <.<
  +Kaiserina  >.>
oh?
its a pun on how the pope compared transpeople to nukes
this
  +Kaiserina  .-.
  +Euryale  oh!
  +Euryale  :>
know
kinda wish the pope was right and i was a bloody nuke
i could nuke the vatican \o/
the art!
evil :1
  +Kaiserina  meh
of art was burned down thanks to the vatican's influence
only fair
  +Kaiserina  \o/
frankly, human lives > art
  alyx  hi
  +DrYucatan  Hello!
there a channel operator here?
  +Dirigible  Yes.
evil person that took my username >_>
you point me towards them?
  alyx  ah
  +alyx_  lol
  +Dirigible  <^
work :P
point at you instead of me
  +Dirigible  lol
right. sure
  +alyx_  sorry
you. :p I was very confused as to why people kept asking me to unban them here
kinda just assumed it was cause I was high up alphabetically in a /names in #freenode and you guys just had good taste in banning idiots
think it's all three.
dear
changed
you alyx_ <3
  +alyx_  np
peepoh.
why cant all these actors take lessons from our non politcal awards folks who are white like George Clooney and Bono... wait...
  +RevertToType hrm
new year
  +DrYucatan  Why?
he doesn't ram the channel with his Dodge Ram.
Okay.
  +Dirigible  |:
is a joke partially started in another channel.
  bajin LOL
the year of the ram/sheep/goat
Okay.
  +Dirigible  <_<
by contextless things.
lol, I ordered a package, and it needed a signature, but I wasn't home, and the little slip of paper that the postal worker left here says "Sender's Name: banana"
are amazing.
have no clue what that means
  void|work HAHAHA
guess so. lol
a sex toy actually, so...
should make this even funnier. lol
actually kinda makes sense I guess.
phone
dong ding dong ding dong ding
grows in bunches!
that's what the postal worker thought it was based on the shape of the package.
  +LadyCailin lol
fuck are white people doing with an indian wedding
  +Keilana  >.>
oh el
  +Dirigible  omgomgomgomgomgomg
  +Dirigible  ##feminism
  +Dirigible  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
  +Dirigible  yeeessss
don't even see hair color'
ha ha ha ha.
  +Dirigible  :c
solving feminism
  +DrYucatan  ?
what they toast to in the video at the end
feminism?!
  +Dirigible  upscroll
down with the patriarchy am i right girls?
is great
if any of y’all are into fashion history, this is pretty cool
I know, Buzzfeed)
  +Keilana  ~*costuuuuumes*~
move that "I know, BuzzFeed" is already implied and therefore no longer necessary in any context.
cool
this is really cool
FABRICS
  +Keilana  nnnng
are a major part of why I love Islamic art so much
holy SHIT they had some beautiful textiles in the caliphate
tilework! and ceramics! and glass! and architecture! and stonework!
:D
the tilework
  +Dirigible  unreal
my god yes
INTRICATE
BEAUTIFUL
  +Keilana  CALLIGRAPHY
the Dome of the Rock and some of the Shi’a shrines
drag my boyfriend/mom/friends/whoever will come and I will gush for hours
prettyyyyy
i have a 150 000 note post on tumblr. on desktop i block the notifications with xkit but on mobile there's no such thing and so i see everybody who's reblogging it
arrived at a daddy dom area of tumblr
that certainly exploded in popularity
have no idea how big tumblr really is, or what's hidden in the less popular recesses of that website
all sorts
believes that tumblr is for porn and social justice, because they frequent the porn parts and hate the social justice parts
yeah, it kind of shows you what you ask it for
i can't help but wonder what's on there that i can't "get at" because i would never think of looking for it
think by volume tumblr is predominantly fandoms
fandoms, book fandoms, sports team fandoms
see
"equal rights person" just said Ladies & gentlemen as intro for talk. Ive explained to him WHY its more than binary. Looks like Im stepping away :(
y'all, everybody, all, friends, etc
of other potential greetings
new hobby: Asking for clarification when someone uses "guys" to ask a question, even if it is clearly a use of the unisex version.
  +KittenGNU  lol
do guys react?
  +GorillaWarfare Heh
was signing a lease earlier, and it used the "gender-neutral" he
I was like "hmm I wonder if this doesn't apply to me"
an odd lease language. you can probably fight it if you wanted
makes them feel awkward, cause I presented it in a polite way, like I was genuinely asking for clarification.
stay away from pronouns and use titles "the lender" for a reason
mean 'people'"
well, why didn't you say so?
also prohibiited a lot of random stuff. "No dartboards without explicit consent of the landlord"
  +GorillaWarfare DEALBREAKER
  +LadyCailin lol
want my goddamn dartboard"
  +GorillaWarfare ^
is not safe. Joking aside, many folks have told me its safer to use word dude, than most gendered terms. It would make me sound dumb. But likely not sexist. /me does tends to use safer folks-
waterbed
both
that would be a winning combo
+1
sometimes you really only are asking dudes a question
it makes sense to use "guys" there
"yes, I intend on keeping my waterbed beneath the dartboard, why, is that a problem?"
use Royal We to mess with them- make them do research, IMO :D
like languages that have "plural you"
  +LadyCailin y'all
  +LadyCailin lol
y'all is so good
  +LadyCailin )
dere buksene mine?
y'all like my pants?
du buksene mine?
you like my pants?
not a southerner and I struggle with the lack of it
Tagalog- the word for person (or object) is siya- (said as shah) its awesome. The language does NOT concern itself with gender or issues like that, minus the few times its relevant.
for the reason that to properly learn a noun, you have to learn the word + meta information about it.
  +LadyCailin lol
cool
think norwegian and swedish are totally different in regards to noun gender
is it seen as offensive if someone uses hän for a non-pet?
is it just cute? (or just non-grammatical?)
i meant it as a joke. :D
  +libbies  oh.
tend to antropomorphise their pets a lot, so they sometimes use "hän", even if it would feel weird in normal speech, at least around where i live.
jokes go over my head, apparently. lol
is the generic one.
yeah in swedish feminine and masculine merged at some point
theres the 'common' gender and the neutre
  +LadyCailin Yeah
a pain in the ass because its totally arbitrary
yeah
hate it
languages like russian you can quite easily see the gender from the word
most cases
in swedish you just have to memorise it always forever
apparently in bokmål, masculine/feminine can usually just use masculine
in french
reason I tired of learning Spanish. I refused to learn if clouds were male/female
  +LadyCailin lol
if you get the noun gender wrong, people will still understand you
like saying "a apple" instead of "an apple"
wonder if there are any words that are gendered differently in different languages
sure
please?
I don't know specifically, but I can guarantee it.
i'm just curious
go googling
enough gender originally described just the grammar stuff
uses the Norwegian Language Council, and French uses the French Language Council
didn't actually mean like social roles
hands are female- but, end in male form. Some of Frida Kahlos work touches on this- especially las manos
the 1950s
is a joke regarding bridges being male in 1 Europe country- female in the other- I forget where- Polyglots joke of it
mefi isn't supposed to do that
and "ship" are different genders in norsk, and neither is feminine. lol
  MarkDude  lol
is the odd one out
could be a romance/germanic difference
do those go in norwegian?
is masculine
is masculine too
  +libbies  oooo
  +LadyCailin Wait
twist
might be feminine, sec
cool
I don't know, it's "m/f" in this dictionary
  +LadyCailin Actually
probably means it's feminine
feminine words can usually do mascuiline
"clock" which I know to be feminine is also m/f
yeah, sun/f, moon/m
in norwegian there are also neuter words
there's 3 genders
  +LadyCailin lol
(hus) is neuter
seems to be just more complicated swedish in like every regard
hus (house), en måne (moon), ei sol (sun)
maybe so
is a germanic language, so the fact that it matches the german of those words makes sense though
a native english speaker though, nouns having gender is bizarre to me.
  +LadyCailin huh
is moon måned is month
actually pretty awesome
just realized that
lol
And the days of our week comes from Norøn mythology c:
cool
finally learned those
tirsdag, onsdag, torsdag, fredag, lørdag, søndag
  +KittenGNU  nwn
finally figured out that only the weekends have the ø in them
not ønsdag
right? c:
  +LadyCailin Yep
  +LadyCailin lol
dayy
  +LadyCailin Squeee!
is adorable!
søt!
so big and bad now, are cha :B
  +LadyCailin ØD
  +LadyCailin er
  +LadyCailin :D
did bigbad do
didn't pay the beard tax
is the beard tax
a wild guess
I don't know :( I'm a stupid mens :(
  +KittenGNU  ...
you paid your beard tax
not yet, considering I don't know what it is
don't have a beard
areas count too
  +KittenGNU  C':
need to post pic?
don't.
  +LadyCailin lol
so confused pls help
  +KittenGNU  No
soup for you
don't want to get bant, what do I do ;_;
a Bat Mitzvah for sharks.
jund instead
  +LadyCailin um
domain is blocked by my work. lol
you mirror it somewhere?
they block encryption sites!?
assume they block image sharing
I don't add exceptions to self signed
I hit it on http
is img.bi anyways?
sharing site
Imgur works for me
you just use that?
It's an image sharing site, that also encrypts your images, and keeps them hidden from the host.
no.
very difficult sometimes :p
you use steam?" "No."
  +LadyCailin :p
I got good reasons to be "difficult". I don't exist for your convenience alone.
I know
sucks
Your request was denied: Your request was denied because of its content categorization -->
Content categorization: "none" -->
URL: tcp://img.bi:443/ -->
  +LadyCailin Daww
like we're blocking it at my workplace too, trying to figure out where we're getting that block from.
cute
OpenDNS
  +LadyCailin Probably.
we don't use opendns
  +LadyCailin oh
it's the same list as opendns then
probably on multiple lists
would be rather strange, as img.bi is a free software project...
probably used to host child porn
i can see that
dear. i probably shouldn't have tried to go there at work then <.<
  +KittenGNU  ...
  +KittenGNU  :P
err..?
I was really craving chocolate, but I don't keep chocolate in my house, because otherwise I eat it
I do have some white chocolate melting wafers that I used to make peppermint bark during christmas
I'm totally chowing down on those
  +LadyCailin lol
so nommy
of the things i miss about being a kid is that movies were actually scary
like, 'movies back then were better!'
like, 'i was a dumb, gullible kid'
scariest movies i've seen aren't horror movies
weird shit like mulholland drive
fucking scary
  +OffensiveUser  helo
OffensiveUser :>
going on in your life?
much
a psych eval next month
my own ejuice
about it
ejuice and good luck on the psych eval!
eliquid
cigs
I think I've adopted a new, non bigoted insult. "Skinface"
up skinface
like smoothskin
you to play fallout?
  +LadyCailin too*
  +OffensiveUser  yeah
  +LadyCailin wut
article is just...
get the feeling that she really doesn't get the issue...
at all
just a way to justify "more guns for everyone"
seem like it.
also ignores the fact that most victems would be unable or unwilling to use a gun to fend off their attackers...
it's brilliant
carry a gun and shoot at any strange man that approaches
  +LadyCailin hmm
point
I have mixed feelings
that last week or so.  It is great.
like vulcans cheating at scrabble"
  +Kaiserina  eheheh
a mainstream article, written for guys, that /acknowledges 'equalism' being fucked up/
  +Euryale  neat
  +LadyCailin where?
now I'm addicted to Cracked
you Kaiserina ;)
the link Kaiserina posted
  +Kaiserina  :3
an addiction enabler Euryale
a pusher!
lmao
had an argument with my partner about ‘equalism’ vs ‘feminism’ last night
yeah, I read that the other day
did like that article
oh?
what kind of partner?
partner?
other, yeah
still in the “well, gender SHOULDN’T matter so I’m going to pretend like it doesn't
  +Keilana  stage
oh my
he also grew up in a super conservative Catholic household so I was his first exposure to feminism and queer people at all
  +Keilana  so.
hope she makes a full recovery ;_;
family is super homophobic
  +Euryale  oh!
a man!
yes
in ##feminism ;)
like you said 'partner' and typically that's reserved for gay couples 'cuz subtly othering homosexual relationships is a /thing/
  +Keilana  oh
true
“partner” is such an accurate word
  +Euryale  yes
he is learning about feminism and it is lovely)
  +Euryale  :>
it okay to use ‘partner’ as a queer woman in a hetero relationship????)
  +Keilana  ;_;
not?
appropriation??
I don't think it's appropriation
when you're a queer woman with a male partner
it's meant to be vague about gender so eh whatev
overhead a woman saying "Well, apparently /heterosexuals/ have partners now /too/." once it was kind of amusing
have a question about Cultural Appropriation of hairstyles. what kind of hairstyles are "white" people ok to have?
not sure I'm the best person to answer this question but a good rule of thumb would be to do hairstyles that don't require you to re-texture your natural hair.
and avoid dreadlocks
do hear a bit on het appropriation of things like "femme"
what?
wasn't referring to your question
  rosapoP okay
was that in reference to my comment earlier?
  +Dirigible  sorta
  +Dirigible  tangentially
in the way that terms which seemed to be queer-only are being repurposed into quasi-mainstream consumption
how I feel about that
I’m queer but in a straight relationship
wasn't making a statement on it, just pointing out something similar
wonder what percentage of sales are people buying this to confirm it's real or say they own it
something like 94%
bet like 5% is people buying it as gifts
the FUCK
O.o O.o
  +Dirigible  lirl
would probably buy it to read out loud with my friends for maximul lol
dude is from montana
  +Keilana  omg
might buy this
  +Dirigible  lirl
looks hilarious
  +Dirigible  Keilana..
my god what
guy is a genius hahaha
cure his writer’s block, Jeff heads out across America by train, but he drums up more than just inspiration after sparking the homoerotic interest of the very train that he’s riding in, Dylan."
dying
twitter is p good
kinda twitter
  +Keilana  omg
oh god... you just embarrassed me as I broke out laughing for 'no reason' >.<
  +Dirigible  :D
ew ew ew
  +Euryale  ew...
just looked at my tumblr dash and found it recommending anti-feminist blogs >:[
the fuck, tumblr
  +Dirigible  lol
  +Keilana  *hsssssssss*
one :1
shit, I think my lady head is going to /explode/
it's all over your internets
a cishet gamer guy liked one of my pictures
but it wasn't one of the trans ones so I'm okay with that :>
pop-up is my fave.
  +Euryale  yes
are some red pandas to coutneract the stupid
  +Euryale  furk
  +Euryale  yurk
color should my next specs be
  +Dirigible  spex*
hard to say when I don't know what you look like :I
always like deep red colors on /my/ face though
talking lenses
wasn't clear
thinking purple
really want blue to work but it always just looks so weird
also looks weird
is ok
tinted lenses?
isn't an option ;o;
  +Dirigible  yeah
lenses would probably make everything look like piss anyway O.o
  +Dirigible  no
  +Dirigible  actually
lenses make everything but blue look amazing
  +Euryale  huh...
have to try this stuff out
should stick with clear lenses though for accurate color rendering
actually be cool
paint with heavily tinted lenses
  +Euryale  maybe!
if you're doing black and white work
that tumblr :|
know ;_;
happy Sunday!
  +Euryale  n_n
  +Dirigible  void
are you
happy!
about you?
are you always so happy! a_a
do things that make me happy every day. :)
up at 6 and drove my partner to work, slept with the cat for a few hours, sought out an artisanal donut shop, delivered donuts to my partner at work, ate a burger and beer for breakfast, visited an old highschool friend at their cafe for some sparkling cold brew coffee, hung some washing, cleaning the kitchen and listening to music. :)
  +Dirigible  @_@
curiousguy13!
hello
the first time I've seen you say something, ever!
like a busy day!
like getting out of the house on my days off. :)
miss when i owned gummi bears-scented perfume
sounds interesting!
#feminism
have a question id like to get some of your thoughts
long before monday starts o_o
hours
libbies
  +libbies  hey
a while, if you're the libbies i'm thinking of
  +libbies  yup
been a while
  +PrincessBecca  cool
have you been?
got a great job, then i lost it, then i was homeless for a month, then i went to the psych ward to get warm and realized, once i was thinking clearly, that i had a place i could go, so now i'm there
with someone who works for a trans advocacy group
rough :(
things are looking up now!
it was
it helped me realize what i'm capable of
is a lot
a good way
also helped me realize what i'm not capable of, also in a good way
i didn't once eat meat, even when meat was offered to me and i was hungry
might've accidentally eaten mayo once or twice
that was about it
:)
feminism have anything against freedom of speech
this a place to discuss?
is it just a chat that share the same ideologies
believe in the right of groups to shun people for saying things that are stupid
believe if you want to say hateful things, you should go find some likeminded people and be hateful together with them. just don't spread your disease
do u mean by shun
are you going to enforce this shunning
its a law
kind of law would u liek to emplement
example a guy wlaking down the street says
like to rape you girl"
all men
  jesica-mtf  :P
I love the bluntness <3
epi
  jesica-mtf  <3
you're either with the menocide or against us
end
  Jack3d  haa
broke, no room for peaches
seriously
  Jack3d  "shun"
do u mean by this
like the libfem alternative to killing all men
libfem solutions don't work
want to be liberal
live in an ideal world
  +OffensiveUser  ew
i cant see how its feasible
hate to get rid of racists
love to*
mean
people who cat call
its simply nothing you can do about it
you're a bleeding heart leberal who supports their right to be asshats
u take away free speech
now people can only say nice things to eachother, or they get locked up
  Jack3d  idk
like the middle east
racism
  Jack3d  XDD
  Jack3d  no
was comparing
  Jack3d  !op
one is here?
you not
i not what, sorry?
you not spam / be a shit
am i being a shit?
hate to pick holes in your ideas, but im not doing it to provoke
id appreciate it you treated me with respect
  eegor lmao
imo they are holes, but im hoping someone can enlighten me
  Jack3d  eegor?
  eegor !femops
can u ignore on here:P
have i done wrong?
just hear me out
not a troll, just a guy whos unsure of your ideas
mean if you guys are against freedom of speech
can always move to the middle east
happily get a crowd fund going
dad is a billionare
can make this happen
off privileged ignorant scum
  Jack3d  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
god
know right
took long enough
can be so dumb sometimes
a mens I guess
fuck that guy
  +PrincessBecca  lol
was afk cooking potatoes, sweet potatoes, onions & nutritional yeast
nice nice
someone get me some logs
today?
me them
of them?
be much appreciated
jack3d
shit
jack3d
SHIT
fucked
DISGUSIE
sucks
thought the smell
cover it
i ahve the logs
  mxtm  no
verything i said?
  mxtm  no
it was pretty funy
  Cabbage xDDD
  Argent_ !femops
  mxtm  !ops
NNOOOOOOO
ARE COMING
FEMININAZIS
NO
THE GAS CHAMBER
  Cabbage AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
old are you
i only date younger women
you're probably a pedophile
one hell of a presumption
  mxtm  ugh
for being agist just now
are plenty of young people who are more mature than that
tru
probably be back with a different name
trolls
bitches!
yeah, how long before monday?
sure is dead here. I guess feminism is losing popularity nowadays.
think its supposed to be monday already
yeah, i think it’s Monday in Kiribati
already 7AM monday in new zealand :o
  +Keilana  :O
gotta get our misandry on up in here ;)
side: I have rooibos chai and a good book
Monday~
I thought I was going to be banned 5 seconds after joining?
would you do such a thing?
  +locas  &op
  @locas  &deop
probably
about that, still jet lagged
my bus ride
year is it
  +LadyCailin haha
Feb 22 or Mon Feb 23, 2015, depending on location.
means tomorrow is monday :<
have mixed feelings
one hand, misandry monday
the other, Monday :<
feel the same, LadyCailin
a lighter note, I got this stuff that's supposed to stop morning breath, and holy shit does it work
ladygirl
  +LadyCailin lol
  +LadyCailin hi
LadyJente
Norsk version
  +PrincessBecca  nice
<- latin
what stuff?
Katz ThreaBreath
  +LadyCailin TheraBreath*
haven't gotten out of bed yet and brushed my teeth, but I have no morning breath
really fantastic
  +LadyCailin lol
  +PrincessBecca  lol
my textbook was doing SO WELL
then “transgenderism"
  +Keilana  goddamnit
when was it published?
end of 2014 -_-
  +libbies  :(
  +Keilana  yeah
  +Keilana  fail.
  +libbies  wait
edition is it?
the first edition came out a long time ago, and that section was never updated
possible
in like the 10th edition
know good docus on netflix
don't care about music anyway!
a documentary about the japanese noise/experimental music scene
  +Dirigible  nice!
dig it ... but... y'know
is very acquired tate
  +RevertToType taste
just watched Hot Coffee
the one about the lawsuit?
  +Dirigible  yeah
the coffee lady as a hook into a documentary about tort reform
to packing i go~
i know just had a picnic... they have an entire roasted chicken...
seems a bit much for a picnic
was it any good?
documentary)
  +Dirigible  yep
how do the LGBT people here feel about companies pandering to LGBT people via advertisements and stuff
activists in NZ threw paint on one of the ANZ bank's 'gayTM' atms and the media and anz reported it like a hatecrime
with the queer activists throwing paint on corporate pride and corporate feminism
that stem from the fact that you're simply anti corporation, or what?
stems from the respectability politics inherent stifling discussion and activism around both
we end up seeing protestors condemned for being too radical so the pride org can get a few more dollars for their next celebration of the Respectable, Main Stream gay.
we get fed lies about how capitalism is the best thing for women really, and how access to boardrooms is The Most Important Issue
  +LadyCailin hmm
if you heard, a couple days ago a maori trans woman was assaulted by security at a pride march
white folks next to her were unharmed, cops arrested her and threatenned to arrest someone who filmed security breaking her arm and cops refusing to let her get medical aid
jumped the barricade, like many others had, but she did it to protest the inclusion of cops in the parade while the police have policies like putting trans women in mens prisons
disproportionately stop, search and arrest maoris
organisers of the parade, and both the queer and mainstream press, misgendered her, glossed over her being seriously injured and left without medical attention, and her protest
saying that she should have walked in the parade to get her message out
from her group /did/ march in the parade, and were shouted at, called names, threatenned and just generally abused
of protest are being shut off by the mainstream orgs so they can look like respectable members of a patriachal, cissexist, racist society
don't have much interest in that version of queer politics or feminism
the same thing happens everywhere
calling for better rights for trans people are thrown under the bus regularly by queer orgs around the world
not about to praise them for something that should be a non-event
I'd much rather them take this stance rather than one like Hobby Lobby
if it means accessing stuff is easier, yay, i just don't think we should have to change /our/ stance or /our/ politics to get it
  +LadyCailin Sure
just think that if all companies were doing this, instead of doing shitty stuff like hobby lobby, or that Goldman Saks fighting against Title VII applying to trans people.
be in a much better place
Saks Fifth Avenue
think that's sort of a pointless way of looking at things.
don't spearhead stuff like this, they just follow whatever moneymaking bandwagon they can get on.
so end up as signifiers of underlying "change".
that's true, but in the meantime, they can do a lot of damage.
this Hobby Lobby ruling
will lead to some really bad shit down the road, mark my words
  +Dirigible  lol
of you
freedom > civil rights
what that ruling was
isn't really a dichotomy anyway.
Hobby Lobby ruling says a lot more about the power that we grant companies than the acceptance of LGBT crap in daily life.
companies /won't/ do things unless it makes them money.
  +Kaiserina  ^
that were the case, then sexism in the workplace wouldn't be a thing
doesn't make economic sense. Hire the best person for the job, no matter what they are.
  +Dirigible  lol
  +Dirigible  Oy.
oftenly CEOs and HR departments consider the "best person for the job" a person that's like them...that will most probably also be white male cis and hetero
because of biases that have nothing to do with simply making more money.
are affected by things other than that
is capitalism and corporate culture was built pretty much by men for men from the get go lol
are meant to reinforce each other.
money or otherwise. lol
my point
doesn't exist in a vaccum and it never will
you get sexism + money making together, what a wonderful pairing to a company.
sure there are people at the top who know enforcing adverts that are sexist in nature is wrong, but it's not like they're going to NOT do that when it leads to profit losses.
yeah. I don't think it's soley one or the other.
fact: companies market towards men because men tend to make more money then non-money, what a surprise eh?
do men tend to make more money? ask the companies doing the marketing
bone companies through you isn't in your best interests, it's in theirs.
I guess, isn't done with your best interests in mind, but theirs.
  +LadyCailin Sure.
  +LadyCailin Well
  +LadyCailin Oftentimes.
still disagree that that's true 100% of the time.
think CEOs personal bigotries will often times get in the way.
all.
not just individual biases
those applied to a whole system and a starting point that reinforces is
  +epi  it
seem to think you can handwave it away with not all ceos or not all hiring managers or not all government officials but the end result is a system that changes only when absolutely forced to
no change from within, and the change we can achieve is limited because they have everything stacked in their favour
Don Juan persists in humiliating women so as to enhance himself The sexual
is principally a mode of self-assertion and a source of social esteem, and may be
secondarily a way to satisfy a biological need”
there it is.
about the formatting)
so particle fever was a fun docu
me feel things about shit i couldn't even hope to understand
it about the RHC, Dirigible?
  +Keilana  LHC
cna’t type
  +Dirigible  yip
Dirigible :>
  +Dirigible  hello.
  +alialliallie hi
happened yesterday here
was about time
bullshit shops been open for waay too long
on a bill restricting abortion rights framed in feminist language, whyyy
do i bother making idle chat with men in irc channels i frequent
joked that i was immortal and hundreds of years old, i compared myself and carmilla, somebody asked what carmilla was, i mentioned it was about lesbian vampires
So... you have overwhelming similarities to a lesbian vampire?
Have any plans tonight?
Also, a lesbian vampire making clever references to 1800 very-niche books. Hotdamn
username lol
what it says on the tin
  +Euryale  eeeeew
I hardly consider the /foundation of an entire sub-genre of literature/ to be a 'niche book'
illiterate scum :1
you see Euryale
logic
its a female protagonist then its a niche work
SUB-GENRE OF LITERATURE
see
makes sense if you apply dude logik
random thought: Carmilla's literary lineage can be traced all the way to... Twilight
it doesn't even make sense in dude logic
  +Kaiserina  nono
see
logik doesnt have to make sense
it always does
dude
  +Kaiserina  logik
Carmilla includes lots of highly erotic boob sucking. THIS IS SOMETHING HETEROSEXUAL MEN SHOULD PAY ATTENTION TO!
most men careabout something that doesnt have a male protagonist
at least a male foil :1
yeah I keep meaning to read Carmilla
don't have anything important to say right now, except that I'm glad that mondays exist, because this.
mondays!
part of Monday
fact that there is deep red at all, much less any red is very sad to me.
should be all dark blue.
surprising :1
  +GorillaWarfare Oh
didn't realize I wasn't here
  +Euryale  negligence!
GW :>
  +GorillaWarfare o/
all men
  +KittenGNU  :P
how's everyone feeling about patricia arquette's acceptance speech last night
whatever night it happened
don't watch TV
know some members of the LGBT community are upset at her for erasing non-male members of the LGBT community
don't watch TV either but it's all over the innernets
that's how i know about that
try my best not to read about TV on the internet
ok
it's gettin' hailed as omg feminist
it was fucked
like white women spent all their time fighting for the rights of marginalized people
actively excluding them
on them
from /their/ activism
white women are currently housing me in their basement; i was homeless a month ago
ciswomen
a white trans woman
  +Dirigible  ok?
  +Bequita  *shrug*
that you're no longer homeless, but, like.. the fact that white women are putting you up doesn't really say much about the overall history of straight cis white women trampling to "get theirs" while completely disregarding the struggles of others
  +Bequita  true
assumed she was trans for the longest time
of curiosity, how old is she?
30-ish.
35
don't know
neat
glad you were able to find her
  +Bequita  thanks
  +Dirigible  wat
experimenting
you can't voice others on freenode?
AM <ChanServ> You are not authorized to (de)voice libbies-test on ##feminism.
i could devoice/voice myself
on other servers, i've been able to voice others. not sure why there. different ircd/services probably)
need flag +v to voice/devoice people.
other ircds it's something like VOP.
i was just wondering how exploitable it might've been :P
  +Keilana  ahh
i guess i can pretend to be gender fluid or something and unvoice myself when i feel like being a dude /s
  +Dirigible  lol
any of y’all read anything by Colette Khoury?
that sounds…painful
  +Euryale  >:3
this... something... i need to consent to x.x
I am now determined to read them all n_n
probably in translation because my Arabic is like a 5 year old with a bad accent)
I've never heard of her :1
  +Keilana  *siiiiiigh*
disappointed I’ve taken Arabic lit and not heard of her
I’m taking another lit class next semester so hopefully she’ll pop up
fingers*
:P
no... I put her to sleep ;-;
  +Keilana  lol
I have coconut tea
  +Keilana  so.
  +Dirigible  Hmm.
I am not a fan of coconut or tea, but I bet that smells amazing.
so much better than I thought it would be
amazing
  +Keilana  8/10
recommend
so I am in love with this outfit
BLUE BASKETBALL SHORTS
Dirigible, it’s $2 for a sample at adagio.com iirc
feel like I get free 2-day shipping there or something.
i was wrong
womp
you want a gift certificate I can hook you up if you don’t have an email associated there
am not a tea person and I would feel awful if you wasted it on me!
free for me to give!
would say it’s a scam but I really like their tea u_u
okay, they would never try to disrupt the women's liberation movement~
Tuesday :1
tuesday
equalism
don't real
do you get when you shave a great ape? A nigger.
  +libbies  !femops
how this lady didn't just laugh in their faces
are more polite
up
cannot be done in pregnancy simply because when you swallow a pill it would not end up in the vagina"
GOOD
that certainly makes sense, doctor"
  kirjatoukka :|
and a half men, "MEENNNN" ditty*
add <dv-> women are more polite <Dirigible> shut up
  +Dirigible  lol
shheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitttttttttttttttttttt
want to know if that laughing was in the background of this hearing or in msnbc control room or w/e
  +Keilana  bahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
to judge everybody! time to judge
you work for a computer games company, right? surely the answer is “almost everyone"
do, and i'm afraid that will be the answer
i work for a computer company and i would not expect anyone to have a fedora...
could you please delete Facebook as well? ;)
i think I'm still not understanding why everybody is expected to own a fedora
I made a comment in a thread about MRA stuff and have been getting a constant stream of notifications ;-;
own a trilby, which is a totally different thing.
still just about as douchey though)
i actually meant delete facebook, not your account ;)
  +LambdaSix  hehe
trilby is even worse
that's what people are actually talking about when they say fedora, usually
yeah
could imagine this loking ok with the right set of clothes going with it, but in general I think these hats don;t fit most of modern day clothes
then - i don't have much sense for style ...
  ashlee  hello
  yashi hey
is everyone
am conductive 100 siemens / meter.
  ashlee  um
guess that’s good?
topic said to be conductive
I measured my conductivity
  ashlee  lol
it says conducive
  yashi ok
woman exclusionary radical feminists are not welcome."
does that mean?
have to accept trans women as women
feminists don't?
a certain class of 'radical feminists' who basically don't believe that trans people exist
weird
are they called "radical feminists", as if they were somehow _more_ feminists?
i think they believe trans people exist
means wanting to uproot the system, rather than gain access to it. i'm a trans radical feminist, but obviously not trans-exclusionary
think they just view it as a mental illness
from latin radix meaning root
more you know~
there been any cases of rape by trans on females?
not in restrooms :c
there have been
straw women imo
it’s trans women getting murdered tho
  +libbies  ^
more often
do you accept trans women as real women
  ashlee  ?
are you asking if I'm a terf? :P
a terf
  ashlee  :/
for "trans exclusionary radical feminists"
yes, i absolutely do believe trans women are real women
are the identities that they state they are.
discussion is honestly something i prefer not to be around
  ashlee  cool
we can move past it
  +PrincessBecca  ok
did i tell you i moved to canada?
congrats
went full-time at the same time
:D
full-time now too
really cold up here :(
bet
cold even in DC
wrong with this discussion?
dont know yar

  yashi ok
do you guys like math?
sorry I mean friends, not guys
  MilkWoman hello
couldn't remember the word tumbleweed"
  +GorillaWarfare hahahah
garbage"
in a form similar to "if town is deserted this happens on the ground"
sounds like a game show question
KNOW
one game.. where you try to get the person to say the word
anyone is interested, i've started a channel about queer linguistics called ##queerlinguistics
PHRASE
yes
  +GorillaWarfare That
that game
noooo
today a school bus drove through my street and got wedged between a parked car and a pole
damaged the car really badly
another school bus is coming down my streeeet
  +Dirigible  LOL
lord
don't know why they keep coming down it
like the thinnest street ever, and I know for a fact there are no <college-aged people on it
they made it
afraid of narrow streets.
other bus probably pushed the car out of the way for them :P
geez" is my mantra when i have to go down them
  +Dirigible  lol
I hate driving in narrow spaces
like when they're doing construction and they put up those concrete barrier things
thanks
snap
time i was driving through chicago and they were doing construction at night
all of a sudden my lane turned into that
narrow lane with the barriers on each side
i was going super fast and it freaked me out so bad
i was NOT PREPARED for that level of narrow
that's me driving in narrow spaces
  +Dirigible  lollll
  +GorillaWarfare hahahaha
up
  +Dirigible  hi
some frozen pizza
hungryyyyyy
  +GorillaWarfare ooo
just ate
second dinner will be rolling around shortly...
boyfriend was kind enough to get sick just before me
I'm eating all the chicken soup I made for him now that I am also sick
  +Dirigible  haha!
sucks
is funny
is the second time he's gotten me sick in like two months :P
will happily taunt him with food
I should close Tomnod and do something useful with my time but I have 0 interest in doing that
starts out as hilarious
ends scary
'cw'?
warning
  void|work Ahh!
only seen it as 'TW' before.
and CW are different
are times when people would like a heads up on certain contents but might not be outright triggered by them
think it's meant to make things more navigable for people with triggers
depictions of rape are usually TW, imo, while mentioning rape is CW
some people have uncommon triggers that can get covered by a CW
  +Dirigible  yus
good to know!
if you’re triggered by a specific kind of violence (e.g. I’m v triggered by gun violence)
it is v helpful
also use CW for things not usually triggery, but rage inducing
brutal misogyny, fatphobia, some other stuff
want something rage inducing?
I'm /full of rage inducing/ right now
sometimes i'm not in the right headspace for rage stuff
up, Euryale?
from the other channel?
  +Euryale  YES!
recap...
sorry you had to go through that
both can and cannot believe the amount of demeaning redtape you're expected to go through
I'm being told by my state's DMV that because I'm a trans person I need to humiliate myself in front of a fucking doctor who will /certify whether or not I'm feminine enough/ before I can get an identification card.
really can't even imagine the justification for such bullshit
is the biggest pile of steaming horse shit I have ever seen
that so hard
I'm a trans person, therefore I have to fill out this form.
  +Euryale  yeah...
and you know what is extra rage inducing?
your fucking birth certificate :|
  +Euryale  YES!
:|
rage inducing...
the civil servants that helped me face-to-face were awesome
were like "what the fuck?! WHY CAN'T I DO THIS?!"
no...
out if you're a transsexual they /lock down your account/ so not even the agents that work at the goddamn DMV can do anything with it
 >:( >:(
  +Dirigible  idgi
fucking ridiculous
is it not just easier from an administrative standpoint to just go "oh that's on your birth certificate? ok cool"
birth cert says female. ergo driver’s license should say female. end of fucking story
have to get on the phone with Sacramento so that a /specialist/ can give the good tr**y a cookie!
isn't about easier though
about fucking bullshit
that SO HARD
like "Yeah... so, I haven't submitted a DL-325 which means... my identity documents should revert to what they say on my birth certificate. Cool... here's my birth certificate."
do you know if CA is meant to be particularly hard to deal with?
CA is supposed to be /easy/ to deal with!
gosh
though changing your gender on your CA driver's license (at least the old way) was /humiliating/
me read you the form
helpfully gave me this form and I helpfully told them I'm not filling it out and I'm coming back with a civil rights attorney but...
goes, for your amusement/rage
professional opinion is that the applicant's: Gender identification is: [ ] Male [ ] Female
ARE ASKING /THEM/ TO RATE OUR FUCKING GENDER /IDENTITY/?!)
wait... it gets worse)
is: [ ] Male [ ] Female
finally...
identification is: [ ] Complete [ ] Transitional
if they check 'transitional' (which is designed for when you haven't had surgery), you get to oh-so-helpfully /re submit to the entire fucking process every five years/
  +Dirigible  uhhhhhhhh
what I understand over here in most states it's just dependant on your title, which you can update easily.
for this state, where you require a letter from your GP.
In almost every state you require a letter from your GP to change your gender.
fact... /every/ state I can think of
don't know of a single one that will allow you to just change it at-will
but the point is that California's form for the DMV is extra humiliating
and in my case it's completely fucking unnecessary
maybe it is. :-\
like it is required. :|
and the frustrating thing is that I could get an identification card, no problem, if I didn't /already have one/ that is expired :1
that's ridiculous.
wow Euryale
fucked
  +Euryale  yup...
know the icing on the shit cake?
of the clerks wrinkled my brand new birth certificate >:[
that piece of paper is worth a /lot of money/ actually
  +Dirigible  :c
and some weird guy at the DMV just randomly walks up to me and starts on a rant about how Feminism is evil
kidding
o.o
  +epi  :/
  +Dirigible  ...wat
while getting dinner I get to overhear some white cismale asshole complain about how his company is being /forced/ to employ black folk
>_<
  +libbies  wtf
  +Euryale  yup...
oh oh...
gets better
in order to satisfy their affirmative action quota they hired a black lesbian woman as a part-time janitor or some position they don't actually /need/
and then something happened where they could weasel out of their obligation to actually, you know, hire non-white people
so they fire her
then they mock her complaints that she was fired because she's black
which is /exactly what the fuck happened/
fucked up.
would have tipped over the table but I actually really like the people who work at that taqueria
just want to... rage until the world burns :1
a flavor, any flavor!
you have tamarind?!
  aa123 hey
yeah.
  +Dirigible  n_n
  +libbies  ._.
libbies\zzz :>
  +libbies\zzz  nini
  +Dirigible  nn
So... is this your scheme to defuse an unstable feminist? :>
thought it might help
you down
know what particularly pisses me off?
walked 20km to get to the DMV office :1
  +Dirigible  UGH
had the worst day.
10km there, 10km back
was kinda scary, actually... I walked off a curb outside the DMV office and shocked my lower back and hip
got join inflamation where if I'm not careful I can end up unable to physically do stuff
I can very easily injure myself while walking and end up stranded for hours
or need a rescue by someone with a car
I shock my back or hip and I'm like 'whelp... I've got about five minutes to find a sit-down'
hey, the stupid DMV took /so long/ to serve me by the time it was time to walk back, my joints were okay again >.<
I see why it's sealed
I'm slightly less angry now
sealed and therefore /nobody/ can read it, including cops
everyone knows what a sealed record /means/ soo...
should just expunge the data :1
can't they expunge data?!
bureaucrats
  +Euryale  aaaahahahahaha:
wonderful :>
  +epi  lol
  void|work HAH
  void|work Yum!
is 'Adelaide Breakfast'.
  +Keilana  mmmm
tea
mug is the size of my face and it is awesome
  +Dirigible  lirl
  +Dirigible  >mug
  +Dirigible  >face
that was punny and I didn’t even intend!
  +Keilana  omg
  justlooking hello?
  +Euryale  hi
justlooking
  justlooking haha
i come here nothing is happening...
happening
also with it
down
cool
lying... I'm not happening at all
a square
what's your nick mean
go back to a former practice
to return to old habits
means that someone backslid into bad habits or bad behaviors
a good nick for a feminist chat haha
  +Dirigible  wat
like it
think I do too.
names I have: StrangerDayze, BrokeCircuit, CircuitWitch, DrainingFaces, Drainy, Corruo, ... erm FlailingLlama
reminds me of a friend who changed completely when he was dating a feminist and then went back to being a bogan when they split up
adc~
just liked the idea and I think it's more (for me) about returning to smaller basal assumptions when making art/music
it simple so to speak
  +Dirigible  FlailingLlama~
confirmed for straya
all
Morguechen
:>
yo
should sleep but I'm frustrated and riled 'cuz I got mistreated pretty badly at the DMV today :1
and tomorrow I get to do it all over again
How were you mistreated?
and possibly contact a lawyer
you russian BTW?
I'm American
thank god I'm not Russian, jesus fucking christ
yeah
ok
how were you mistreated?
as is the validity of my 'gender identity'
  yashi shit
should point out: I'm not asking them to change my gender on anything
sorry you have to go through this.
business is it of theirs anyway?
asking them to /give me an identification card that reflects the information on my birth certificate and on file with the federal government.
  +Euryale  exactly
I guess they are afraid you would be misidentified because you appear as a woman and the card says you're a man?
this could be easily solved
no... the card would say I'm a woman
birth certificate says 'female'
still, it can be easily solved
Security and DHS and all the Federal databases say I'm female
  +Euryale  oh?
there is very viable technology, akin to placing your finger on a detector, to check a person's chromosomes
they wouldn't have to be "afraid" of the identity card not matching with the appearance of the person
what?
saying: the reason they're being anal about this is pointless
absolutely no reason at all for the authorities to care about a possible mismatch between the supposed gender you "had" at your birth and the one you appear to "have" if a random person on the street looks at you.
first off kariotyping people doesn't work like that and...
  +Euryale  oh
mean fingerprints?
we do that
really no reason for it to list sex at /all/ on the card
  +Euryale  though...
I'm glad it does
it lists other physical features as well
actually makes some things easier
as eye color, height etc
in hopes that it would help make forging identity harder
clearly transgenders pose a threat to this scheme
I'm not 'a transgender' thank you very much
not you in particular
just trying to rationalize why they would think to put the gender on that in the first place
  +Euryale  ...
/am/ transgender
are irrelevant
you, epi
confused
noticed
two consequent statements you've said contradictory things.
is an adjective. Stop nouning it.
sorry.
apologize if that offended you :(
  +Euryale  anyway...
didn't realize that was a derogatory usage.
most people don’t know their chromosomes >.> they just assume that they match the ‘expected’ ones, or whatever.
learn something new every day
is, the DMV won't 'allow' me to get a card /just like any other person/
I medically transitioned. I DO NOT KNOW MY CHROMOSOMES.
got a pretty good guess but... I don't actually know.
don't actually /care/ either
  kirjatoukka indeed.
and now I'm going to look like a weirdo showing up in the same outfit two days in a row (if I actually go tomorrow)
instead of just being on the phone
damnit, I want my ID photo to be in that shirt :1
shirt is that?
i know the one lol
a good shirt
green men's button up with itty bitty stripes
look /really/ good in it :>
i was thinking of the pink shirt lol
itty bitty stripes?
  +Euryale  pinstripes
bitty = small
  +Euryale  yes
is a butch dyke
do you like math?
guess?
  yashi Why?
math comment
was not a comment but rather a question.
would you ask this question?
  yashi Curiousity.
context would be nice.
context is a secret.
is it a secret?
participate in good faith, yashi
a good morning to all :)
sorry
morning
not playing games with you, show us the same courtesy
the context is being coerced from you, actually :1
tachikoma, nice to see you
truth there is no context, I was just studying some math book and got to wondering whether anyone here was into math, that's all.
  +Euryale  ah
but yes, please participate in good faith and when you're asked a reasonable question, answer it
get to play games once we get to know you and possibly trust you :>
  yashi ok
we have an awful troll problem in this channel
seems to have a fedora infestation :1
Isn't that a Linux distribution?
think they share a common etymology?
is slang for a misogynistic asshole
I didn't realize.
wonder why they would pick that name for a Linux distribution..
thanks for that clarification - i was googling for gamer and fedora yesterday and did not find out what it was about ...
i remember a time were irc was troll free
was before AOL ...
Fedora is developed by Red Hat whose name I'm almost certain is a nod to infosec culture's 'hat codes'
long have you been on IRC?
sometimes 1993 or so i started
  yashi early..
in terms of feminist slang is /also/ a nod toward infosec 'hat codes'
i started with uucp and usenet, but did not yet use irc then
started around 1995
are "hat coders"?
it's my understanding that reddit dudebros' association with fedoras is unrelated to infosec
  +Euryale  really?
  +AbigailBuccaneer yeah
just think it looks cool/mysterious
  +Euryale  seriously...
  +Euryale  huh...
think the reddit dudebro association comes from idolising 1930s film stars and wanting to be a classy gentleman
okay. That makes sense.
you see those posts with classic movie stars in hats and modern-day dudebros looking awful wearing them
always thought it was tied into the hacker mystique
hat codes you mean the wohle white hat/black hat stuff?
that
i think fedora the linux distribution was named so before it became a dudebro signifier
  +Euryale  yup
I /like/ Fedora Linux but as a feminist I feel /weird/ using it ;)
for debian instead! :-)
I like it less since systemd became a /thing/
like fedora, and i like systemd, and i personally am happy with my distro choices
  yashi BLASPHEMY!!!!!!!!!!!
you read /.?
slashdot is a bad place for bad people imo
understand why some people get all frothy at systemd. maybe it's not the best thing ever but it  is not satan.
hordes are moving to BSD
usually read slashdot only at +5
i don’t understand why everyone is so upset by systemd either.
the only shit that remains are pro-gun people and libertarians
i do like bsd too.
ponders about the term 'dudebros' and wonders why someone would choose such an childish name ...
people actually call /themselves/ 'dudebros'?
never heard of 'dudebro'. What's that?
who act like frat boys
epi
systemd is diametrically opposite to the UNIX philosophy of being anti-monolithic and transparent.
honestly, that's a bad argument :1
but … why are we so unquestioningly wedded to the ‘unix philosophy’?
did we decide that we can never violate it?
systemd is a major change and people often have issues with changes - thats my explanation ... and it could also have a little bit to do with Poettering being perceived by many as being arrogant ...
reminder that if you use a text editor rather than piping through sed several times then you're going to hell :)
monoliths are bad why aren’t we using microkernels everywhere?
Why?
is ed ok? ;)
true, there are valid criticisms but the outcry seems excessive.
is basically just a loop over sed, right?
is ‘we all'?
a program which could be implemented as a loop over another program? that's forbidden
clearly not everyone or systemd wouldn’t be adopted at all.
I don't care so much
don't even use Linux
systemd does the /right thing/ in the /wrong way/. (and honestly, a lot of how UNIX handles IPC is... horrid)
are you just arguing for the sake of arguing then
yes, that is afaik a valid ed description
only know ed as i once had to test it and was fascinated by the minimalism
No, I do care, but merely mildly.
nice for scripting and the like
I use Macs, but I used Free and Open BSD during my adolescence.
just learned that this kind of discussions - like which editor, init system, programming language flavour and what else there is in more than one version - ususally don;t lead anywhere but turn out to just be a great way to waste time. Not saying wasting time would be bad, but one should be aware that there will be no change of positions at the end of the discussion and it's purely to be able to share ones opinion.
a good point
being said - noting beats BeOS! ;)
why I usually like to start such debates with the title question: "What can I say or do that would make you change your mind?"
Don't forget the whole little/big endian byte order discussions.
\o/
they answer "Nothing" then I don't enter the debate.
suppose that’s a better way to start a debate than by shouting “blasphemy” ;)
  tachikoma lol
that was a knee-jerk reaction.
systemd does seem a bit dirty to me but there's lots of weird stuff on gnu/linux, it won't be the first or last and i'm pretty sure we'll survive it.
can you do to change my mind? Probably hold my family hostage. Yeah... that.
jeez...
a level playing field'
understatements!
jeez... you know what I had to sit through today?
to some asshole complain about how his company was being /forced/ to hire non-whites
don;t remember me about that, there was a case here in germany recently where a male employee did sexually harrass a female employee and it was brought before a court and the man was not fired ...
hear the north face of the eiger is not a level playing field either
what a tragedy, having to hire without discriminating.
KNOW!
you realize that there are more than 2% minorities in the population, right?
Real Racism
need to look at my state's affirmative action stuff
not sure if a GSM counts as a minority or not
GSM?
and sexual minority
and trans people)
  yashi kuehl
really wish I could be protected by affirmative action legislation
disabled people
find it extremely difficult to find a job
didn't translate into the skills needed to be a venture capitalist"
assumes those skills involve having money?
What's your line of werk?
this point I'm probably going to end up doing retail
see
That was a really weird read for me.
  +libbies  oh?
I ask why?
sounds to me that for the author racial identity is a lot more important than for her parents.
  +libbies  mmm
also don't understand why a child from a black mother and a white father automatically makes her black. From the article it is automatically inferred, it doesn't sound like she made her thoughts and identified with it.
black because society treats her that way?
should point out that this is only my opinion, discussions welcome)
I'm not from the US, is that so?
  +libbies  mmm
my experience in the US.
a woman of color (and as a visible minority outside of that)
been called racial slurs, and treated differently because of my race
what do you think about changing the name feminism into anti-genderism?
see. That's what also confused the hell out of me when everyone called Obama "the first black president". I was constantly thinking that he should probably be called the first mixed-race, or non-white president. Then again I'd just go with what he'd feel most comfortable with, and not what other people assume.
like my gender (or possible lack thereof) though
the suffix "ism" is important.
only mixed race when it’s convenient for the racists to recognise him as such. ;)
someone who is anti-racist doesn't hate their race, they hate people who care about their race.
  +libbies  oh.
does the name feminism need to be changed?
  +libbies  ^
don't know, I think it's really weird to assume someone is "black" when that person is not 100% caucasian. It just feels like put caucasian on a different level then the other ethnicies, which I'd like to avoid.
I'm not saying it "needs" to. The idea just came to my head and wanted to hear some thoughts about it.
like libbies said, it’s about how society treats you.
yeah, it’s kind of weird, but society is kind of weird…
agree, I'm just wondering why everone goes with it, even the people around me who are critical of racism.
  petn-randall  +y
isn't necessarily going to realize that a person of color is biracial... and it sometimes doesn't even matter as with the obama example above.
not going to let something like that get in the way of their racism/etc.
not like there’s some unchanging objective classification that we could use instead.
could just all agree on race being a crap classification for people because it says zero about the person themselves. The only thing you could say is that this person probably experienced the same kind of racism than the other people that got bunched into that category, which is ironic enough.
almost like "let's put people in a group and hate them" is a fundamental function of the human psyche...
now, anyway...
describes being harassed based on her race :s so she objectively experienced racism (for being biracial, even)
am biracial
i'd appreciate your thoughts
why I thought about the article, too. If she had criticized her Dad for not caring about the problems she got from being treated differently, I'd say it's a valid point. But attacking him for his "whiteness", while it seems he doesn't really care much about his colour was just weird for me.
majority is going to be blind to their privilege :P
caring about” one’s own race is a common part of whiteness, isn’t it? :P
  +libbies  ^
  +libbies  ^
taken
I started reading the article and was confused by the context.
  +libbies  context?
like "I've been waiting to put this thing on paper for so many years." --> put _what_?
lot of drama building up with no introduction
  +libbies  ...
I read a text, I like that there is an introductory paragraph labelled as "abstract" where the outlook and skeleton of the text is communicated.
am your problem, Dad. You are the white father of a black daughter." ← from the whole article I can't see any of her Dad's actions that lead to this. From the description her father was supportive, even as she came out as queer to him. I wonder why she assumes that racism is not a topic she can talk about with her father.
away
  petn-randall  ?
Stay
we maybe assume that if someone says she’s felt unsupported by her father on race issues that there is a reason for it and isn’t just making it up?
not saying she's making it up, she knows the relationship between her and her father best. I just can't follow her train of thought through the article.
part about the salon, and her dad pulling her out of there, literally invading a space for black women ... and ignoring her pleading to let them finish?
about really says it all for me
That was the first night you became a white man to me, Dad. Sitting beside you, hair undone, body stolen from a black rite of passage, I felt shame. I felt like a black girl to your white man and for a moment, race eclipsed us and we fell out of kinship, slipping from father and daughter into strangers.
girl.
she’s talking, i think, about the fact that her father (and white people generally) don’t ever need to think about race, but POC don’t have that option.
how do you feel about the frivolous use of the word "rape"? Such as, "the employees were getting raped by their insurance package"? I don't like it much myself, and it seems to me that it's usually only bros who use it that way, but "rape" does have older meanings of "plunder" or "kidnap".
don't mind it.
i’d tend to avoid using those “older” meanings.
general I think we are too anal about the usage of language.
there are perfectly good other words to use.
Do you ever tell anyone who uses the word "rape" with that meaning anything?
not a huge fan of it. there are better ways to express the same without using potentially triggering(?) language
hate being told that they're speaking "incorrectly".
on the context.
try to avoid using it like that because I think it otherwise trivializes sexual assault.
just never know if I should speak out about the word or just ignore it.
Me too.
it was a bro being a bro, definitely call it out.
am 100% against using rape as a metaphor or to mean anything other than rape
think it's a part of rape culture
distract from or trivialize or erase actual rape
was actually wondering about this a few days ago, in a history lecture.
  petn-randall  yar++
"the Rape of Nanking"... that's a pretty modern usage, and the word "rape" there doesn't refer to sexual assault.
not purely to sexual assualt, but to the horrific massacre.
also included sexual assault. :-(
used as a synonym for plunder and kidnap because they would often happen at the same time, and that's one of the few times men in power would even acknowledge it as rape in the first place
CW CW CW CW CW CW ^1000 for this entire conversation btw
am 99% with yar until they rename the plant because that's awkward.
Content warning?
  +yar  yes
it's just yu choy to me :P
think typically canola here though it's a specific cultivar apparently
event you refer to definitely involved a hell of a lot of the modern use of the word
actually why they didn't just call it a massacre.
bad example, sorry.
Re "literally invading a space for black women". I wasn't aware that that specific situation could be perceived that way as a POC. That's the reason I asked. Thank you for pointing that out.
you read all the links in the topic
  dlnx``  oh
I did, but none of them cover this subject. Or do you mean "Comments Asking Entry-Level Questions Will Not Be Allowed"?
thought I'd be prepared, but some of the things she told me just overwhelmed me a lot. I know it took her a lot of effort to speak to me about it, and I'd like to be better prepared in future discussions we'll have.
honestly don't remember what links we have. if you do find anything that would make a good resource link please feel free to recommend it
fucking open season on LGBT people down here.
it a similar bill to the one they're pulling on florida?
worse actually
defines sex as chromosomes or sex at birth
chromosomes overrulling in all cases
the fuck is wrong with the us
more like T than LGB
yes, this example is T, but my statement still stands about LGBT people
was a statement of general hatred of the south
over here we're passing labor protections for trans people
what the fuck
important that the T not be erased or subsumed or coopted.
what I see is weakly written law - an easy target for right-wing.
someone can conclude something like that
counter productive to even start passing that law
so?
off
  dlnx``  hey
with me
  +epi  no
off
am not against
shit doesn't happen
don't play devil's advocate
  dlnx``  look
am not advocate of TX
  dlnx``  :D
mightn't be against but you're still accepting their argument at face value
should the test be
carefully
don't accept…
written so loosely to allow something that never actually happens? so what?
a test that isn't harmful or demeaning
will find ways to be bigots no matter how the law is written.
just say it's counter productive to pass a law that enables such things
something that would satisfy the neocons
off
right-wing can use it as some kind of
what things?
well - check your privilige
  +locas  LOL
my trans perspective
a fucking dumbass
just a white US girl shouting "fuck off"
  +locas  lollll
What is the bill?
still trying to understand what do you mean by enabling what things
my god
yes, same, I'm actually quite confused
can't really speak
there are this
  dlnx``  agression
aggression because your ideas are bad and your argument is bad
see.
said "fuck off" before I could even state my arguments
you made like, 4 or 5 assumptions about me, only one of which is absolutely correct
your argument was [04:12:38] <dlnx``> it's counter productive to even start passing that law
said fuck off after that
you appear to be assuming that bigots will magically stop being bigots if the law is written correctly. that’s nonsense.
to be fair it was very easy to interpret what you said as exactly what epi said, ie taking their argument at face value
wasn't argument
that is.
was opinion
there is no way to word a law in such a way that will eliminate bigots
create the law, not the other way around
didn't get a chance to back up your argument, but no matter what you tried to back it up with it would still suck
text from the bill: "For the purpose of this section, the gender of an individual is the gender established at the individual ’s birth or the gender established by the individual ’s chromosomes. A male is an individual with at least one X chromosome and at least one Y chromosome, and a female is an individual with at least one X chromosome and no Y chromosomes. If an individual...
  +LadyCailin ...’s...
still trying to understand what's enabled by what so
established at the individual ’s birth is not the same as the individual ’s gender established by the individual ’s chromosomes, the individual ’s gender established by the individual ’s chromosomes controls under this section."
with chromosomes overrulling in all cases <- god i really hate it when transphobe squawk 'muh chromosomes'
me please how would you decide who could use women's bathrooms without harming trans women
subjecting them to humiliation or abuse
+epi> you didn't get a chance to back up your argument,  but no matter what you tried to back it up with it  would still suck
you were arguing on the ground of bathroom legislation
wasteland no matter how you slice it
dont get why this is even a fucking debate
here I presume…
is it hard to argue here…
should use whatever bathroom they fucking want to use
they going to pay for karyotypes for everyone who uses the bathroom?
reality they're going to use it as an excuse to 86 anyone they don't like the look of
hard to argue here because not only are you not well equipped to argue here, your arguement lacks merit to begin with
it being shot down
fact that it's an obscure metric works in their favor
don't actually plan on checking anyone's chromosomes
so what's my argument? lol
am all ears
I haven't even wrote it
you should keep it that way
  +epi  ^
premise of your argument is that we should make laws that the conservatives can't wedge
  dlnx``  no
only is that impossible it's stupid because they will wedge on anything positive
  dlnx``  hah
<dlnx``> so what I see is weakly written law - an easy target for right-wing.
<dlnx``> If someone can conclude something like that
<dlnx``> it's counter productive to even start passing that law
that's not the point you're trying to present then present it already or shut up
  +Kaiserina  jesus
an example of -
  +epi  seriously
fallacy fallacy
you from reddit
is so much agression here :(
is not my mother language
really love to speak here
for clarity, is using the "wrong" bathroom a crime already and this is a redefinition of gender/sex, or is it criminalising it
all waiting for you to present your point then
it's a touchy subject
being trans in Poland
you're probably aware
fucking hard
I think that depends on the state
I phrased my opinion in a bad way
not my mother lang
hey
me
check your privilige
doing it.
here's the thing, a strong law that the right wing won't attack isn't possible without bringing harm to trans women
you gonna present your argument or are you just gonna whine?
fucking tell me to check my privilege
thing conservatives are attacking isn't cis men in women's bathrooms, they're making the claim that trans women are predatory men
them claiming otherwise)
not actually anything that can be done about their viewpoint other than making their viewpoint socially unacceptable or grinding them into dust
gladly have this argument, but maybe later, when there's no hostility
problem isn't with the existing bathroom law, it's with the conservative viewpoint
mean epi and Kaiserina
for now
fun
  +Kaiserina  kbye
be waiting for your actual argument
after reading the scroll buffer ..... i have even less of an idea of what's going on ....
the issue with cis men going into women's bathrooms, is it that it never happens so that's why it's not an issue? or that there's no feassible way to forbid it without affecting trans women?
both, i think?
some cis man goes into the women's restroom simply to pee then leave, what's the problem?
for starters, it doesn't actually happen
literally not a thing that happens
he's doing creepy shit, then that's already illegal, no matter what bathroom he's in
- well at the versy least it can be intrusive if he starts filming people or some shit
  modulus surreptitiously
but that would be illegal anyway
already illegal lol
but that's illegal in the men's room too
dont need to make up laws for that
there's no way to forbid cis men that doesn't involve subjecting trans women to humiliation or forcing them into mens restrooms
lesbians and gay men go to their appropriate bathrooms all the time and like
if it doesn't happen i guess it doesn't matter
close to 100% that it might as bloody well be, they're going because they need to go to the bathroom
it could happen. Trolls gonna troll, at some point, if nothing else to make a statement.
sorta get the feeling dlnx`` was thinking about something else entirely. his pull quote is about an effort in maryland to end transgender legal protections, not what's happening in texas
even if it does happen, it's not an issue, if he isn't doing creepy stuff, and if he is, it's illegal in either bathroom.
is, it's easier to police "don't enter this room" than "don't surreptitiously film"
did you just use gender neutral he :\
understand if this doesn't happen enough it's not much to base a law on though
So what do you suggest we do about lesbian creeps?
  +libbies  she*
  +libbies  crap
  +libbies  her*
  +libbies  bleeeehhhhh
is
them in the mens room ofc
you know
sorry :c
can ban filming
could just end gender segregated bathrooms which are total bullshit anyway
now, by law, make noises when taking photos
here
at the very least, get bathrooms that aren't segregated and keep some that are
- i don't know, not much one can do i suspect.
also make a noise when starting filming
this reminded me of a trend i've heard of forcing gay and lesbian people to use the opposite gender's changing rooms in high school that's apparently been emerging
the penalties if you're found out are enormous
better controls on mobile phones so they don't film in toilets? but this sounds like a fragile technical solution that would never work.
I can jailbreak my phone then do whatever
be hard to implement, but making them make noise is a start
no need for any of that, its already illegal to film anyone without their consent (unless you're the government)
you're the government*
could, in theory, at a hardware level, make the camera make a noise every time a photo is taken
every time it starts up
I thought you meant the government could film me
that might be illegal but they do it anyway
NSA
can
they do
they dont care about the laws
why
they're the fucking law
can't imagine the mindset that leads people to go around filming others urinating but i'm sure there must be a way to implement a consensual outlet for that urge
  +epi  dredd.jpg
  +locas  lol
BETRAYED THE LAW
issue with laws is not just what's illegal but what can be policed.
are you sure? i don't know much about filming law but i know it's legal to take photos anywhere in a public place, barring counterterrorism law, at least in the uk
Do you like Kreislerihanna?
phones are so ubiquitous and small it's really hard to police a "don't film" law
know that
yes its legal to take photos in public spaces, its illegal to take photos of individuals without consent
true
creepshots
It's a piece by Robert Schumann
this to the fact that in places where they've explicitely added trans protections to restrooms.. none of these "scare tactic" things have happened.
we should exclude trans women from women's restrooms unless they have a doctor's certificate or meet their state's legislatory requirements i guess :v
what the florida bill is
we could just you know, not care
anyways
fair enough. so there are legislative precendets for it and it's not an issue. nothing to worry about then.
anarchism~
trans men using the women's restroom
that
necessarily
  +LadyCailin Well
  +LadyCailin Yeah
about you but society is easier on trans men than transwomen :V
many cis women already get gender policed in the womens' bathroom too
think these people also have a social agenda that everyone should always dress in gender dimorphic ways
if you don't you deserve punishment
they target trans people, partly as an example to everyone else, to keep everyone in line
actually really curious how it was made possible to legally change sex in most states
that seems like something that the repubs would have fought tooth and nail
know about the states but over here you need a paper from a therapist and 200€
therapists will make you wait a shitton of time for that paper <.<
think there's only 3 states that simply won't ever change your docs, no matter what
by bowing to psychologists
are weird, like the iranian ones prefer to encompass trans than gay/lesbians
they hoped that gay people would disappear because they all turned out to be trans or something
is a whole other different world on this aspect lol
  +Kaiserina  like
not go there
an entirely different issue
what, that was just to throw gay people under the bus or something?
think it's good to have a cross-cultural perspective. iran is, in fact, on the same planet as the US... but i don't like starting off the conversation as "you know what's weird ... iran"
if you prefer cuba did something similar too
recognised trans people before it allowed?normalised? homosexual relations.
trans people
is another problem with the "LGBT" thing - trans peoples' sexualities get erased
not saying iran is weird
just saying that's its an entirely different perspective that can't even be compared to western societies
yeah
here everyone assumes I'm straight
never said being different was weird :V
trans is my sexuality
that means I'm a straight girl
think i'm sensitive to the whole "different world" thing since people often say "the muslim world" in a very othering way
  +Kaiserina  no
ok, sorry; didn't realise of that issue.
just meant that because they do have a very different perspective
we do here
not a bad thing
my eyes anyway
the purpose of trans women is to give emotional support that helps straight cis women improve their marriages. i learned this from watching television.
  +locas  lol
  +locas  truefax
sorry you interpreted that way yar, and yeah i can honestly see how easy it is to interpret that way :c
if anyone from iran is in here but let's try to keep our options open and think before saying "we"
is supposed to be a channel for feminists around the world
can bring in my persian-american friend if y'all would like her perspective
  +Kaiserina  :p
an irc noob tho :\
not hard. Just type some stuff and hit enter. lol
mean that regarding connecting to networks and channels
wat
should always feel free to invite their feminist friends
was still in my copy past it seems
  +Kaiserina  well
  +LadyCailin hahaha
not exactly a feminist, tho i believe its more due to lack of knowledge due to actually disagreeing
of*
im making so many typos today
  +yar  s'ok
what i get for typing waaaay too fast i guess :c
can also give a portuguese view on trans issues if you'd like
isn't that great but...could be worse i guess lol
seems like Europe as a whole tends to be at least slightly more progressive than the US
we actually have decentish legislation here in portugal, but the practice of it...yeah...leaves a little to be desired
law here still leaves waaay to much power in the hands of therapists
europe is still p damn bad
like holy crap we actually have half decent doctors around here!!1111
of them will just gatekeep you like hell
if you're trans and by any chance live in portugal, avoid the Santa Maria Hospital like hell
  +Kaiserina  like
euro countries still require sterilisation for legal sex change its incredibly fucked up
was honestly threatened of being committed to their psych ward and being put on a testosterone regiment because i wanted to complain about the doctors agressive attitude to me there...lol
here they don't thank goodness
Kaiserina

  +Kaiserina  yea...lol
yeah
that hospital like the plague
What? Which countries are that?
for example
think norway as well, sweden recently ended this practice
if france still does it
very recently, last couple of years
sweden
iirc
germany?
  eegor hmm
wonder if theres some handy chart for this but like i dont think its very uncommon in europe still
on
  eegor welp
HAH LOOK AT NORWAY
I know. lol
is half of europe
up shit
so progressive
we talking about "As part of the gender reassignment operation you'll loose your abilities to reproduce", or "we only allow this type of operation where we also sterilize you"?
isn't progressive
all
just good at passing that image
think they are working on changing it in norway though
i can only talk of the finnish law
it's going slow
we wouldn't have nationalist far-right parties representing a third of european parliament lol
have a trans friend that lives there
it specifically require you to be incapable of procreation to change your legal gender
for eugenics laws
well as be unmarried
  +Kaiserina  huh.
doesn't have that
  +Kaiserina  :D
do know this, some trans women that "fathered" a child are sometimes denied treatment in Norway
pretty fucked up
is a nice country
the overall image i get from there yes
wanna go visit there someday
try to visit as often as i can
idea
think there's someone from ireland here, they could give their insight :o
that means there's no possible way to change, no matter what you do
lot of those countries used to have male conscription
people appear to be the only group in europe subject to legally prescribed state-enforced sterilisation"
"had a child" is probably a better phrase to use...
is pretty much the main quote to take from the image
there would have to be a legal gender, its probably that you cant change it
yeah I was just about to type that
no; some people with intellectual disabilities also are iirc.
holy shit, it's not okay just because you put it in quotation marks
northern europe
i do not know of :|
Ah, yeah
me check
mean, it's pretty hard to have a gender reassignment operation and still be able to reproduce. Oh wait ... this is about gender identity, different subject.
  +libbies  o___o
you've got no fucking clue what you're talking about mate
it looks like it ended in 2012
  +libbies  ^
Feel free to correct me.
lot of places allow you to change your legal sex without a "gender reassignment operation"
but the sterilisation laws apply also to stored gamets like freezed sperm or eggs petn-randall
to like
though hrt might lower your chances of conception, it does not in any qay guarantee you will be sterile
into opposition from the Christian Democrat party
the mythical The Operation.
as Kaiserina said, these laws preclude banking
the person ZERO chances of reproducing
legal gender was changed without an operation.
democrats, a force of unfiltered evil in sweden too i see
can't say i'm surprised
to rethink your shit when you find yourself on the side of literal mandatory sterilisation
matter what group
is the kind of shit that preceeds genocide...
would like to gently observe that the conversation right now is both intense and complex, and as mods our first priority is to keep this space safe for the most marginalized people
everybody, you make the mods' jobs easier if you think carefully before typing your own thoughts in a conversation like this
also like to add that while transpeople are legally allowed to store gamets here, there's also not many clinics putting that into practice
if they're just random cis nonsense ^_^
kinda put it like this
have decent laws, and enforcement is voluntary
  +Kaiserina  like
lol
often find ourselves expending emotional energy defending or protecting somebody who was well-meaning and ignorant because we don't want this place to be totally hostile to newbs or introverts either. but it's still a LOT easier when we don't have to do that.
have cops that don't even know a page from traffic legislation...
tbf id imagine that's the case in a lot of places
if you're coming from a place of privilege, please try taking on some of that emotional energy in the form of self-checking before you run your mouth. so we don't have to. thanks.
epi, you dirty american
its running your keyboard
  +Kaiserina  :P
being from america epi
freedoom™ senses are tingling
that like doom shareware
that like the doom clone that they gave out in chex mix
its an opensource doom clone
you used a spoon to fight snot aliens
sorry, I thought we were talking about sex reassignment surgery, not about the legal status.
if we were, as was pointed out, surgery does not stop one from banking genetic material
does
  +Kaiserina  yes
sterilisation laws we were mentioned recquire destruction of banked genetic material in many cases
which is why I asked to clarify.
Yeah, that's really fucked up.
  +Kaiserina  ikr
odd thing is it can't possibly have any legitimate policy use
than stop certain groups from having children
but that's pretty silly
was that called again?! i think it started with an E...
more than silly
was a G somewhere in the middle...
i cant remember!
  +Kaiserina  Eug...something
help a poor girl here!
  +Kaiserina  :C
noo that's a name, but i get a feeling that's close...
someone finish it for me so i dont look completely silly
was close but i actually was meaning eugenics
if those two are the same thing or not
are
  +Kaiserina  right
other happier news kitty is sleeping curled up on my lap n_n
cats
Sorry if I came off as ignorant for not using proper wording. I'm not knowledgeable on many subjects discussed here, and english is not my first language. So if I use the wrong wording (most of the things I had to look up the translation for), feel free to correct me. Though I'd prefer if you assume I wrote in good intent when responding.
sorry, I never assume good intent :P
here
  +Kaiserina  :V
<_<
didn't think you were a troll, fwiw, but people spewing shit based on assumptions or igorance does damage regardless of whether they intend it to or not
also don't think it was an issue of language barrier or proper wording
this case
think you made an assumption about what constitutes a trans woman in the eyes of the state/society (ie surgery) and rolled with it
the conservatives are railing against the girls scouts now, cause it's full of lesbian communists, so you shouldn't buy their cookies
the lesbian communists
a day for me.
finally caught up with that backlog
wonder what the argumentation the law makers had when passing those laws?
you ever find yourself using the words "sex change" and thinking about an "operation", you're definitely not thinking about trans shit in a nuanced enough way
of thumb :|
this
  petn-randall  noted.
I've had the operation.
  +LadyCailin lol
are you serious? The entire point of those laws is to /enforce bigotry against trans people/.
this is not subtle
off to bed. Thanks Euryale, locas, Kaiserina, yar and everyone else for the lively discussions today. :)
  +Kaiserina  bye
  +Euryale  night
  +libbies  lol
wrong window <_<;
fuck my life...
same DMV stuff as yesterday?
luck
  +Euryale  YES!
It is a fucking certificate of live birth!
  +Euryale  uuuuuugh
is the proper way to address an assemblyman?
than "dipshit"?
  +Kaiserina  dunno
  +Kaiserina  :c
trying to get the assemblyman to /help/ me
what's the format
I'm going to write a letter to my assemblyman and march it down to his office in person
  +Euryale  thanks!
so it's just a Mr. :1
I've met my assemblyman before. He's a pretty chill guy.
hope I can get him to give me a hand
okay
sorry i have this kneejerk reaction on politians :v
stand behind the yellow line so that you don't get spattered while my hopes are mercilessly crushed)
you so much <3
team
  +LadyCailin lol
down everyone is a muslim according to me
down inside i'm mashed potatoes
people make me all mushy inside
I guess I might be mashed potatoes sometimes
Self, Lord And Master
Leg Leg Arm Hea
Leg Leg Arm Head
grandfather was a muslim. maybe that qualifies as "deep down"
down inside we are geth
beleive the one-drop rule to the point where they apply it to religion
sort of where it came from in the first place
  upholderof  really?
had some ancestor somewhere that was a viking pagan
THOR
  +Kaiserina  \o/
shti eh
yes...that thing
behalf of iberia i apologize for that bull
  +Dirigible  shit
could go for mashed potatoes right now
  +Dirigible  srsly
potatoes <3
  +Dirigible  <3
your take of cauliflower in mash
not bad, but better as a potato soup analog
MY take
I've had it.
to bristle at the idea of cauliflower, now open to it.
cauliflower is pretty good
not used it in all the new "use this instead of carbs" bread and stuff but ... it's gotta be good cause it's cauliflower
VICTORY!
shit!
days later...
in touch with the person who /controls the policy/ at the DMV
regards to identity documents
is a very understanding bureaucrat
i've done that a couple times. it turns out okay.... but it's not a great substitute for a long things
assume the cauliflower pizza crust isn't all that
like adding cauliflower to pho
  +RevertToType >.>
a monster
you know i just remove noodles entirely from pho without substitution :p
used cauliflower as a replacement for noodles/etc. in other soups though
like carrots in my ramen. I always add carrot to my ramen.
only like baby carrots
i have a bunch of carrots for some reaosn
i think i might make a carrot-ginger soup >.>
broccoli, green onions, cauliflower, mushrooms, radishes
them into baby?
too much effort
carrot soup is one of the few soups i like
got this libbies
got this
like soup made from male tears.
love all soups
veggie ones
this one ginger chicken soup i make which is amazing
wish for it now
your zeppelin equipped with an adequate galley?
lack the ingredients, unfortunately.
only food I have right now is 3 boxes of mac cheese, an onion, and a bowl noodle.
the other hand, Dirigible, you have three boxes of mac and cheese :D
the OTHER other hand, i've been eating so much boxed mac the past few months that i've worn myself out on it
yeah
there
pizza, mocha milk, ramen, peanut stew,..
reap
  +yar  sup
  Kydon Hello
brings you here
there, beautiful people.
one of my friends mentioned the channel
who starts yelling?
before they themselves started yelling.
  Kydon Yeah
hates feminists, apparently
feminism burns the crybabies.
  void|work uhh
(reap3r119) Kydon: I hate feminism with a burning passion
  +Dirigible  qq
BURNS
don't understand the context, Kydon. could you explain?
"oh someone in ##chat mentioned this channel"
I can stop crashing, sure
what context?
like the first thing you did in here was greet an antifeminist
as he followed me here
where?
  Kydon #powder
  Kydon Err
##werewolf
sure
should probably read all the links in the topic
Wolves possessed by the spirit of inquiry. AND BLOODLUST.
caught the fear
handle the feminist energy we got in here
kbw and vell
the fear
  +libbies  lol...
up
do you think of free speech
think peaches are much yummier when they're /fresh/
a myth like the 'free' market
peaches are fresh like a new pair of white airs
frozen peaches are totally delicious tho
frozen grapes
frozen blueberries
was about to say frozen grapes!
  +Keilana  mmmmmm
blueberries in a bowl of milk with a sprinkle of sugar
everything is better on ice... blueberries, bananas, grapes, Men's Rights Activists...
  +Keilana  mmmmm
  +Dirigible  loolol
say this, canned peaches r awful. AWFUL
shit no
was just talking about this
the consensus was canned peaches are pretty good
they were put there by a man
i can think of is wicker man
a factory downtown
live in the land of peaches
don't feel like real peaches and canned peaches are comparable
i had my little way
it b known that canned peaches r the ones they couldn't sell normally
eat peaches everyday
soaking bulges in the shade
are baby carrots
carrots still have value
not /supposed/ to be comparable!
of peaches
a chair and a can of peaches*
can of peaches is unphazed whereas the chair is now dented. Good job.
wrong with his cheeks
  bajin lol
r boils, common amongst gg types who bathe in the single digits each year
  +Dirigible  LOL
boils.
  bajin yes
he was cryin really hard after sarkeesian went on the colbert report
his tears burned his skin
only teenage wasteland
have suggested he is a distant relative of a pikachu
  +Dirigible  aww.
i like pikachu.
  bajin :(
a shocking accusation, i know
a pretty awful pun riddim
exit left
  +Dirigible  B)
like that
  bajin YEAAAAAHHHHH
  +Dirigible  B)
don't remember how to put a torch away in skyrim :(
you actually have to deselect it from the inventory
you have favorite weapons set up
reminds me that it took me foreeeever before i realised you could carry stuff in skyrim
am sworn to carry your burdens
  bajin lol
is it
  +Kaiserina  dragons?
know who you are
sithis
go pick locks around here, or we are going to have big trouble
canadian trans comrades are fucking angry at this shit I tell ya
rights bill amendment" ... wait what? i feel like i missed something
read the article, it explains
the shittiest shit
was confusing to me too
so fucking tired of all these piles of shit
dont these ignorant reactionary shits just fucking DIE already
  upholderof  yeah
they should be banned from bathroom use not trans people
if these old bigot dudes couldn't go out in public or w/e because they had to go home to use the ca
  upholderof  can
is it always the same groups getting murdered and these dipshits get a free pass
everything
pissed, cause they lost the culture war against gay marriage
now they're taking it out on the next most vulnerable group
meme works for gay marraige as well
  +LadyCailin !femops
an heart attack already
  Iciloo
  Iciloo  this...exists?
my god
Iciloo.
  +GorillaWarfare Hm?
equality exist in this chan
lot of things exist, honestly
equality?
  +GorillaWarfare wat
sure what you're trying to imply
someone inform e on your definition of feminism?
the rules
isn't for basic information
Iciloo
you get mad because I asked a question
  Iciloo  ಠ_ಠ
It's text, re-read it.
got mad because you asked a question without reading the channel rules
excuuuse me
do that before trying to engage here
make yourself a victim
  Iciloo  soo
you think women should be equal to men
quick reader.
what I'm asking
the rules
amirite?
fucks sake..
wadn't conducive at all
are you going to run into feminism and ask if people think women should be equal to men
people whoa re too lazy to read think feminism is about women supremacy
  +Kaiserina  which...lol
  Kydon So...
  Kydon Wait
confused
probably ran off thinking "haha i stumped 'em. they didn't answer, they just be pro-inequality"
  vell  *must
we love that wage gap
it women equal to men, or men equal to women?
off and die already
Kaiserina
  Kydon O.O
-> 4=2+2
What
just wondering
is commutative
  upholderof  bruh
  Kydon Yes
  Kydon But
like
you really need to log off rn
these fools not think we already know how to deal with them
one party is said to be better than anyther
party is the best party
  upholderof  pcr-rcp
  upholderof  asshole
wanna come to your party
party best party
  upholderof  :D
am unsure you'd like it, LadyCailin
roomate is having a party for his coworker who's leaving tomorrrow
wouldn't?
party?
  +Dirigible  pcr-rcp~
  +LadyCailin Oh
  +LadyCailin lol
maybe not then
thought we were talking like, cake and stuff
excuse me
like cake too
is great because it lets me sequence stuff and make probes
  +LadyCailin haha
we could work together on a mass basis like specific trans liberation in Canada stuff, and you wouldn't have to be MLM or even communists
what's the pcr bit stand for
version of rcp
ok
chain reaction
need to sleep
kinda thought so
revolutionarre communiste or some shit
try at least
just tired of living at this point
  +Kaiserina  goodnight
  +Kaiserina  wait.
Jake0720
much, just bored and browsing channels. Hope y'all don't mind
long as you don't fuck up
good to me
show up in channels like this and we just had a handful
  Jake0720  ah
  upholderof  cool!
you actually doin it?
no
it would be hilarious
that title translate to english well?
clue, I don't know what that means, I just read vell's link
dont think anyone wants to buy a domain just to spite some gamergaters
Not for $200
  +GorillaWarfare ehhhhhhhhhhh
no, not for $200 :P
might for less than that though
  +GorillaWarfare ^
if it were $10 like most registrations, fuck yeah
yeah
go in for 5
(informal, masculine) we, us
dont know why they're askin for $200. the domain seems to be available and you can get .com's for like us$15 a year
they also mean hosting in that figure
  +LadyCailin Nope
squatters
almost want to see the project play out just to see how shitty it is
very... unique
  +libbies\zzz  mmm
you know what
wouldn't mind buying it now
assume i can then resell it to this person later for a profit. :D
  +LadyCailin lol
if the kickstarter makes
you have a worthless $200 domain
make an indiegogo campaign to raise money to steal the domain
  +LadyCailin bahaha
haha
if it just raises the price of the domain squatters
makes the actual game or whatever pay way more
pretty sure driving click to the site is already increasing the cost to buy the domain :x
  +libbies\zzz  clicks*
I was just thinking that
our alternate motive
if it's not bought by friday, i'm buying it when I get paid. someone remind me then
up interest so that if they want the domain, they gotta really shell out for it
I wonder if I can negotiate and get the price decreased
  +LadyCailin lol
are you a good negotiator!
if the indie gogo campaign is  bullshit it will drive clicks 2 site
  +Dirigible  exactly
the fact that you's came up with this plan is really badass and creative
the chat regulars all lived in the same town it would be revolutioanry
a little scary, upholderof
scary lol
First of all, I know I don't NEED a .com. The .com is an ideal goal, however, because it will increase the official-ness of my project - make it seem like a real competitor with Kotaku and Polygon and such.
  +libbies\zzz  lol.
about .me?
took them seriously the moment I saw that sweet logo
Since "breaking up" with feminism, I have started a Kickstarter project called Bokutachi, because I want to have a platform for responsible, rational, ethical games journalism that can compete with the big name websites like Kotaku.
is in way over her head
  +LadyCailin lol
isn't cheap
campaign description is a hilarious, densely concentrated soup of typical gamergate MRA shit
Once I get the website running, we should be able to support ourselves through Google adsense, at least enough to maintain the site.
  +LadyCailin lol
A unique challenge is, of course, that we already know we have enemies going into this project. LOL
sure those $300 will really get them off the ground
As we speak, feminist Kickstarters left and right are generating thousands of dollars from empty-headed cult believers. Are you better than them? Put your money where your mouth is!
preferred term is new religious movement'
she's a ron-paul-libertarian ... that explains a lot, I guess.
a writer for AVFM
writer ladies and gentlemen
feel bad that she's bought into MRA crap.
a shame
interesting article
Reddit is really the last unapologetic mainstream website that lets its male users completely dictate its culture.
justify it w bs free spech garbage
free speech isn't absolute 2 reddit, some sites r banned, called spam, etc. along w them taking out shit if the media gets on them
could easily be a good website, but they have to fuck it up by living out their libertarian dream bullshit
  +Keilana  lolno
are your thoughts as a biology person, Keilana?
shit
  +Keilana  lolno
  +Keilana  basically
  +LadyCailin lol
  +Keilana  ~*rejection*~
can’t imagine how horrific the rejection would be on a HEAD
  +Keilana  *shudder*
just...no
shit is wild
be cray
  +LadyCailin science!
wonder if this could have potential 4 trans ppl as well
a trans woman I really want a new head
like my first head but I just want a second one
zaphod beeblebrox
  +LadyCailin lol
don't want anything radical, i just want a tail
a fucking asshole
feeling schadenfreude
none at all.
this revenge porn like a fantasy or is it just pissed off men posting their ex's photos like scumbags
latter
fuck those ppl
they're not even pissed off
they just do it because they can
making money off pure theft and exploitation
that shit isn't illegal idk
think it is.. now
least, in some states
his website got shuttered
  riddim  good
is why he's pissed off. "Well, they got their personal information taken down, so take mine down now too"
you dipshit, you're a scumbag, they were innocent.
he probably grew up striking specious bargains with authority figures and getting by that way
just disgusts me some1 could even build a business around this
so you know that sound that cartoon characters make when they stop real quick?
  tachikoma impressive
cool cats
crashed my bike into a police car today
the fash
i mean i scraped some paint off their hood
my front wheel is a little wobbly
they legally had to call an ambulance who checked me over, which i feel guilty about
not poor about, b/c free healthcare, thanks england)
  +epi  ouch
ok?
i hope you don't have to pay for their paint :x
totally
i didn't even get a warning
  +epi  nice
being white is great
aus i'd probably be lucky not to be tased
i'm at least functionally white
it was completely my fault
i should not cycle while it's raining and i'm listening to music and i'm panicking about 3 different things, it makes it hard to pay attention to the road
specifically told them there was no need to and that i'm completely fine
maybe they suspected otherwise
i can certainly imagine that it’s policy that they have to do so regardless. it just seems like an impractical policy.
they had to file it as a road traffic collision
apparently also requires an ambulance?
i guess seems odd given that it could be "bashed a parked car with mine going at 3mph" but
know it requires a police report, but an ambulance seems excessive.
be just covering their arses.
  +AbigailBuccaneer yeah
mean i did end up on the bonnet of their car and i wasn't wearing a helmet
i died later at work then they'd be in major shit for not having called an ambulance
as i said, it was completely my fault)
wonder how much first aid training police get. (if any.)
the ambulance was on its way they asked where i was injured
say i hit my head on the windscreen? i don't recall that
the paramedics found no sign of head injuries
get untrued?
i guess you wouldn’t remember it if had happened, but if the paramedics saw nothing then hm.
yeah :( not too badly
tbh that's the biggest cause of inconvenience to me
Just finished rebuilding my wheels after some idiot hit me while I was parked in bicycle parking. Glad you're okay though.
the brake disc is still nicely aligned, i have no clue how to realign disc brakes
remember my dad (who’s epileptic) complaining once because he’d had a fit while at a council meeting and they’d called an ambulance. by the time it arrived he was fine again, but he had to spend the evening in casualty all the same. and they complain that the nhs is overworked. >.>
is overworked" is a way of blaming citizens for the NHS's problems. in reality it should be "NHS is underfunded and consequently understaffed"
that’s also true, of course.
i do feel guilty as hell for the ambulance having to show up
covering police arses is far more important than making effective use of limited nhs resources!
the only technical channel i really care about on irc is ##OpenGL
always on there at work helping people out, it's helped me out a lot too, i'm a well-known face in there
suddenly the fucking place is full of casual misogyny and homophobic slurs
nobody other than me seemingly gives a fuck
do i even bother
there some no-men-allowed parallel of freenode
i can help women with their opengl questions and have nice occasional chats about unrelated things
the fuck is that too much to ask for
this something you can push back against?
to the ops?
don't even know who the ops are
a pile of shit and i wish it didn't get to me so much
hate tech and i hate computers and i hate everything
would quit my job if it didn't mean losing my work permit :/
work in the games industry which is even shittier than the general tech industry
currently going through interviews with google, so i can move to london and be near all my friends
luck :)
of which, i should probably go to work
hope your day goes well, or at least is survivable
london
is best London
wish i had a job
  +Kaiserina  ;_;
what's up?
  The_Cat hello
Planned Parenthood got "funded" from the reddit donation thing
world I am a computer
stop all the downloading
  +Kaiserina  welp
agree with the sentiment that automation under current capitalist molds would be a disaster beyond anything ever seen
just read the text and sat there wondering what to tell my kids when they will ask me why my generation did not prevent the wolrd they will live in ...
i still don;t know what i possibly could answer to that
how baby boomers who aren't totally morally bankrupt should feel :v
least im not having kids... lol
  +locas  ^
well - a bit late to change my mind about that now ;)
sorry... children were the automatons of generations past. I'm sorry you're obsolete now."
have heralded the apocalypse!
raise an AI
I could pause it
that inhumane
term might be an offense to further developed A.I.s
saw an article today or yesterday
teaching religion to an AI
term, inhumane :P
..
friends
  +Euryale  hello
am an AI
are geth
us anything
passed the turing test... got a 65%
data available
what is the last digit of pi?
  void|work Numberwang.
  eegor seven
isn't one
my AI uprising survival manual is full of shit!
having our gestalts simultaneously networked we can achieve computational flexibility usually not possible in more conventional systems
mean
  +Kaiserina  beep
need more oil ...
  +Euryale  nOOOH!
can i idle here just to see what it is that you gals talk about
about writing a paper
wont talk much unless asked
are bums
your paper on, jokleinn?
liberalism and how the far left opinions are usually ignored as being too drastic, why this might be history at fault, what we as a society can do to be more open, etc
haven't narrowed it down yet because i'm not sure which liberal group i'm thinking of yet
it's a freewrite as the first major paper of the semester, anything about politics in german society will do
was considering dieLinke or feminism
  eegor wait
u including die linke as a 'liberal group' here?
feminism as a liberal idea
am i misunderstanding something
they're left-wing anti capitalists
follows what is said in your channel topic rules ja?
wrong with it
left-wing anti-capitalist is not 'liberal'
the government here recognizes them they are liberals
may have a different definition than us
is a specific ideology
love the market
none of it is anti-capitalist
means "left" in america exclusively because america never had socialist parties in the parliament to begin with
does not mean socialist movements are liberal
not american but good try thank you
"capitalism oppresses women and other groups" is directly upon your channel rule set
you explain this? am I confused here?
appears to me very anitcapitalistic
is.
are anticapitalist
is pretty much like, the worst thing ever. One of the worst things ever, at least.
of the worst"?
left-wing? then how come the liberals are the right-wing in my country?
can do worse than capitalism. but it's a pretty serious disaster
feudalism is kinda worse
you elaborate on how capitalism is terrible actually this is nice
made some progress from that
huge, parental government that looks after all of its citizens
would the legislative body function ChunLi? all of its citizens crowdsource the legislature on the internet and it's put to an internet vote?
seems like this age's best way to look after everybody these days, what with libraries having computers even
think the general consensus here is you can't just design a state without first fixing the economy and the fighting the class interests of the wealthy
off topic, but have any of you ever considered a world with a small feminist-run country in a coastal island? somewhere for asylum?
often considered "queer island" with a few friends
would basically be all women i know from various anti-oppression orgs and the rockinest mom i know and her trans daughter
me or my mom)
do you think that could ever happen, even with money?
of the islands i were looking at were cheaper than houses in my city ... >.>
wot
of a settler colonialist fantasy tbh
think if you had the resources to sustain it with a decent standard of living, powerful interests would want to take it from you for those resources.
course
mean there's the always "Revert's Cave" as another option too
people
RevertToType
  +RevertToType >.>
maybe a pet
won't let you have an island if you're an actual threat to the global system
to interrupt, but I'm not sure I understand this part of the guidelines: "This rule also applies to police and military members of the armed forces of capitalist nations. "
those the ones in charge of our security?
don't think a resort island left to the devices of a bunch of people would be seen as a threat
mean unless my plan to align with sharks goes off without a hitch
invaded haiti for less
islands have a history of "roast or get roasted"
  CuteUnicorn123  Sorry?
only the security of the wealthy
  +Kaiserina  HA!
one thinks the police are there to serve
do you mean?
rule also applies to them
cant see the rules bc my client is weird and doesnt let me see the topic
Non-Feminist Posters Are Not Welcome Here.
is by and for feminists. Non-feminists are strongly encourage to not participate here. If you feel the need to ignore this warning, do not advertise your ideology; you will be banned. This rule also applies to police and military members of the armed forces of capitalist nations.
sounds like you understand it just fine but just want to argue with it
  CuteUnicorn123  what?
is that supposed to extend like "even if you're a feminist if you work to support capitalism's advances you're out?"

was simply wondering where's the problem with police
we all work to support capitalism's advances
capitalism requires it for you to survive
the resource links, CuteUnicorn123
was the resources command again
do! :)
?
in the topic
CuteUnicorn123
question but how do you feel about ISIS and its struggle against the USA's armed forces?
it venerable or is their motive bad?
what
you kidding me
do not support ISIS
is not what i mean
it venerable to try and resist the US armed forces or is it better to join their influence and try to communicate with the legislature in its home country
do realize that isis wouldn't be a thing without consecutive us intervetions in the region right
also realize that there are plenty of world problems caused by britain in france in asia and africa
that's really oversimplifying it
feels like a bunch of hit and run questions
the feminist oracle is closing for business now
mainly firing possible topics that would actually interest a student from the university of dresden so i do well with peer reviews and can get a good grade
alright lmao
  +Kaiserina  o.O
not here to do your homework for you
  +Kaiserina  www.google.com
for the disconnection
think you should get to idling now
not as if you're writing c++ code that i copy directly into a file and compile it and call it mine
pls do disconnect again
just gathering an opinion
moar
  +Kaiserina  www.google.com
doesn't have breathing people who can respond to specific questions behind it and you know this
right, google doesn't have people at all its a search engine
supposed to you know, look at the links
i've quieted you. i assume you won't mind since you're just here to idle and "wont talk much unless asked"
  +locas  welp.
would it be just like
old oil platform
sealand
live on queer sealand
just like sealand we could sell bogus titles
we'd sell them to "allies"
not actually let them live there
"it's not like i'm copying C++ code" is really bullshit. it's not ok to take credit for someone else's life experiences even if it's filtered through your own brain

titles to allies
fantastic
often considered living on a boat
just selling my music and hoping things kinda work itself out honestly
mean bodies of water.
destroyed the contents of many pockets/bags cause i get overexcited being near the ocean and I just run in
was wondering if it was Astoria oregon :/
just a piece of pink floyd history
that's who that is
was like "why is that name familiar"
me guess
was talkin shit
~I'm just asking questions~
off
if thats how you're gonna be, i don't think you'll find people supporting your cause
  +RevertToType jeez
wonder if they'll use this exchange in their paper
hope they do as it was supposed to be a paper about liberalism
:1
have oppressed me again!
liberals?
I hope not
to this dude yes
A ROLLING STOOOOOOOOOO
boy its gonna be one of those
literally just waiting for the moment i leave work today to have burritos
wrapping up a retirement potluck at my place
Burritos!
was gonna eat pizza pops now I got some good stuff
did you just retire?
I
  +Euryale  oh
roomate's bossy-mentory gu
  upholderof  guy
feminism
  upholderof  hihi
new
  void|work Cat.
  +Dirigible  who
got a new cat!?
I still have one cat!
Dirigible
making tomato sauce

on bananas
  +locas  y/n
put that shit on everything
nope
saaame
bananas?
nice!
am about to make some penne in vodka sauce i think
is a really mild habanero sauce that i think is amazing that those into spicy stuff should try
aardvark habanero sauce is really good
pretty much just buy tapatio cause I'm cheap
huge into making chili and also just need hot sauce for all things
gotta make chili soon
got some peppers lying around
is fun and easy
froze my habaneros though
want to grow hot peppers
to Euryale's genius
same
think it's almost time to start growing seeds indoors here
how's it working out for you?
I haven't tried them out of the freeer yet
  +locas  +z
wanna grow scorpion reaper and nagas
I don't wanna write my paper
topic what course?
Cold War and World History Post-1945, respectively
  upholderof  cool!
you going to go hard marxist or like traditional bourgeoise or heterodox niall ferguson perspective?
see that's kind of the problem
good at research papers; I'm not good at analytical stuff
  upholderof  oh!
just can't paper because I took math in school
I'm CS
aren't really my thing :P
not even cs I'm theoretical cs!
papers are an NP hard problem for me :(
  +DrYucatan  ?
TO NOT STRIP NET NEUTRALITY!
  +Euryale  WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
  +DrYucatan  Yay!
weird eh
  +Euryale  YES!
  +Euryale  :>
PORN FOR EVERYONE!
mean...
CORPORATE CENSORSHIP!
I'll turn off my capslock now :p
like my porn to render line by line like on dial-up
kinkshame
porn
really hot when it's a long establishing shot...
much anticipation
get off on watching jpegs render~
are silly.
i'm all for png
compression, yo
get off on recompressing jpegs at lower and lower quality
no lie i get really into optimizing PNGs
it's just a mash of flesh toned squares
  +RevertToType lol
sexually though
newb
Ditto!
i have taken screenshots of some of my best compression rates
  +Dirigible  n_n
  void|work ^5
I actually tend to go into quantized lossy PNGs when I compress them.
get them super tiny.
PNGs?!
  +Dirigible  b'why
  void|work Yeah!
development!
lossy pngs
  +Dirigible  nerdy
dirty
  +Dirigible  :<
it bby
lossy compression you can usually shave off another fair bit, and they still look the same.
artifacting?
is the worst
artefacts on some images... those I just use the lossless ones.
  +Dirigible  D:
use optipng.
  +Dirigible  o:
can punch republican politicians in the face, right?
legal, isn't it/
Should be.
in socialism
in socialism
they do this time?
described a white and gold dress.
mean a blue and black dress.
god i'm so confused
eyes go white and gold
  +Dirigible  o.o
housemate is teaching me how to do tomato sauce right
blue and black.
  void|work Yup!
with fresh tomaters and everything?
/is/ blue and black, but some people see yellow and white.
all from scratch
  +Dirigible  nice
we did add a little bit of tomato paste from a can
  +GorillaWarfare Mmmm
tomato sauce...
tomato sauce
any of you tried marcella hazan’s tomato sauce??
  +yar  no
just set up a monthly donation to planned parenthood :D
much, but > $0
helps
RULES
it's monthly, so it'll add up eventually
yeah for sure
tax write offs :D
does that work where you are?
basically makes my income "drop" by however much money I donate to eligible charities, so whatever taxes I paid during the year end up being too much, because they were assuming that I made X, but in "reality" I made X - donations, so I get some of that tax money that I paid back.
if you owe money, it reduces how much you owe
year I donated like, $300 or so throughout the year, and that made my refund go up about $50 or so
I'm remembering correctly, anyways
asked me about the sales tax I payed. Is there any damn way I could get a refund on sales tax?
industrial complex woo
Only for large ticket items (and only if you're itemizing) would that be worth it

I don't think in canada it's quite the same
Though, I could be misremembering. I think there's a question mark or something that will open a new window and explain it to you.
use TurboTax too
  +Dirigible  finally
made god for MEN
time bros got some jesus in them
  +LadyCailin lolwut
God already mostly for men?
is literally the most absurd thing I think I've seen today
mean, Yahweh, at least.
christian god is definitely
must remain silent in the church"
she is raped, her rapist must pay the father 50 shekels then marry her"
  +LadyCailin etc
everything in patriarchal society for men?
  +Dirigible  that'sthejoke.gif
  upholderof  boom
would never worship a male god
would never worship a god.
I wouldn't be an asshole to those who did, either.
pretty good evidence that women are to remain silent in chruch wasn't even written by paul, nevermind by god
i'm against the hardcore atheism around now
somebody registered the TLD .men
  riddim  kill.men
  +LadyCailin kill.all.men
  +Dirigible  killall.men
  +LadyCailin lol
  +Dirigible  eww.men
  riddim  wtf.men
  +Dirigible  ugh.men
them/us
now discussed buying domains two nights in a row
  +LadyCailin lol
-r men
  +Dirigible  B)
  morganq :D
that regex will also kill all women
watch out for that
matching processes belonging to you were found
of the other weird things is that Tamar never had to marry Amnon in uh, second Samuel
some dank linux memes
-e men
is good obviously, but I kinda always thought deuteronomy was just bullshit
dammit what is the deal with memes being a meme
am TOO OLD For this shit
  meowthhh  meow
in december somebody got .man and today somebody got .men and of course nobody wants .women or .woman
  +Dirigible  :<
for the noisy nerd tangent
on freenode
jessica-mtf
roof :P
there other irc's? Is it just a coincidence that all of the r/communism rooms were on freenode too>?
  riddim  yeah
plenty of networks!
purpose of the Investment Company’s application for the .men TLD is to provide a service to the male focused community. Whether it is cars, fashion, fitness or any other male interest, Exclusive Registry Limited will provide a useful platform for every male."
is the biggest one, it's mainly linux, foss stuff tho
pirate irc's, a big quake irc, and anime sub irc's
result will be that the male community can be sure that the TLD is appropriately supported by the internet community."
  +Dirigible  LOL
thought snoonet died
i think i still c some links 2 it
  +Dirigible  ahh
still pretty active!
male community
pretty gay idk
  +Dirigible  loll
does PowerHouse, the man church
it is
  jessica-mtf lol
power house gay bar
  +Dirigible  bam
a gay church that isn't welcoming to gay women, reactionary?
not just gay women but the broader queer community who aren't gay men?
kinda think exclusively gay mens' groups aren't cool but i'm not sure how i feel about it
know some radical faeries who say it used to be men-only but now it's open to all genders
there a difference if it started in 1965 vs 2015?
the major group I know of, also I made contact with ganglicans
gatholics (who hung out with the anglicans,  I'm not sure "gatholics" are actually a real organized thing)
sounds like a black larp group
that
show up w uzi's instead of sticks
  +Dirigible  lol
throw up gang signs
i'd pay some serious money 2 c like the stereotypical white larp kid do a crip walk lol
  +Dirigible  LOL
larping the thing with padded foam or is that something else
action role playing
  riddim  yeah
used to LARP back in highschool.
a whole lot of fun.
watched a group at a park do that when i woke up early some saturday way back
got heated, they weren't playing around
honestly thought the cops were gonna get called
the opposite of how i imagine it
was some shitty movie i watched about them
always imagine it as one really intense nerd getting mad at less enthusiastic nerds for not being in character enough
used to play CTF/KotH for hours on my friend's farm.
coined that 3 years ago
  void|afk  Heh.
my god .men i'm so excited
the trashiest .men domain i can come up with?
is a good starting point
  +Euryale  fuck.men
  +Euryale  castrate.men
  +Euryale  notfor.men
if you just want trashy...
  +Euryale  se.men
  tachikoma bad.o.men
think agressive behaviour towards everyone is bad… I just want people to be equal, not just some part of society kicking another…
  dlnx``  anyone*
would be an ideal world, not sure we live in one :( but in general i agree that would be a desirable goal
don't think you can achieve peace and equality with hostility and agressive behaviour
such hostility could be counter-productive
the long run.
that to men ...
know right?
telling them to die, or to go and fuck themselves
do any good either
while I know we live in patriarchy and it's bad
all men are bad
you can't work with them through agression
end up just alienating the cause :(
cause?
equality
mean "you ugly fucker, we're equal you piece of shit, go to fuck.men and cry""
not being aggressive diod not do much for equality either in the last few hundered years...
do any good
can perfectly accept women to fight for their rights and fights do involve aggression
so I am in pretty unprivileged position in my society
would be?
  dlnx``  Poland
trans
there were men
were understanding
are you talking about famous Janusz Palikot?
Hey! Watch your tone arguments!
and his left-wing faction?
they got bullied by feminists from my social environment
you are a trans man?
not sure what you want to convince me of dlnx``, but if women will not fight for their rights they won;t have any and there is not much tio discuss about tat ass history proves this over and over again
does it matter? :(
am trans woman
  +Euryale  oh...
  dlnx``  yeah
banning me?
  dlnx``  :)
you checked you privilege? :(
for my typing btw, in a hurry atm, will be back later
are not many places to speak up
should be nice to men, there are nice men" is an attempt to be sweet and kind in order to try and convince our oppressors to give us rights
exactly
never willingly give anybody any rights. we need to take these rights for ourselves, regardless of what men think
my father is not an opressor…
is understanding and helped me a lot
no, I don't remember banning you and I operate a number of rooms but I'm pretty sure it wasn't a matter of privilege :1
wouldn't want him to go to fuck.men
sth.
you wrote something like
I'd ban you if I want"
was ":D" at the end
recall that perfectly :(
  dlnx``  well
  dlnx``  nvm.
honestly don't think that these 'understanding men' will be offended by aggression towards men as they understand that without fighting for women rights there simply will not be any human rights.
they are
if you want to talk about it further, feel free to /query me
no sorry, I don't really want to takt to you, we talked before
then they don;t understand that much - do they?
there were understanding men in my environment, and they were bullied by my feminist friends
men"
your privilege pigs"
etc.
they started to hang out with me and my friends
and less
I really can't blame them
somebody says to me "go fuck yourself" I just leave
all men!" --dlnx``
don't have to take it
oh, please, make fun of me
fun of my argument
  dlnx``  :)
if a black friend of mine said "fuck all white people" i wouldn't be offended
for you
i know that even though i do try to be as anti-racist as i can be, i still have structural power over them
if i were to get offended then that'd make their discussions of structural power about my white feelings instead
frankly is a shitty thing to do
fact that your male friends took offense to women who were trying to call out /men in general/ for /legitimately shitty behavior/ indicates to me that maybe they weren't all they're cracked up to be :1
haven't seen that
like after couple of months
were hunging out with us less and less
wasn't just "oh she said men are bad, let's go"
what...  what /exactly/ are women supposed to do to make spaces more ~accommodating~ to the menz?
take my argument
write it yourself in a new way…
dear man people... thank you /so much/ for being so understanding~
think that's a bit of a council of perfection. it's difficult to not react negatively when someone says "fuck all <insert group to which you belong>". i see how it's not the same as when there's structural oppression etc. i just don't know how generally produtive it is.
you don't fucking deserve a goddamn cookie for being a basic, decent human being
== not being told to fuck or such?
so let's say it's /not/ productive (I would actually argue it is productive due to the solidarity it forges /within/ the oppressed group which is the entire point)...
- I think it can be productive in some situations, definitely.
but even if it's not productive, it's still a tone argument to call it out.
if people are insistently saying "fuck all $privilege_group", maybe they just don't want people from that privileged group around?
regardless of how good a white ally anyobdy is, if my black friends wanted a space just for black people, then that's entirely within their rights
sure, i won't argue with that either. if people want to expel members of an oppressor group from their space this is fine.
or here's an idea: When I want an ally around I want to be /damn sure that ally is actually an ally/
saying "no no these men deserve to be around because they're good men" is placing a burden on all women in the group to accept that. i've learned the hard way that the consequences for trusting men who shouldn't be trusted are fucking horrible
and 'fuck all $privileged_group' is a pretty damn good way of separating the wheat from the chaff
  modulus Understood.
and I would point out that it's not exactly unheard of for men to insert themselves in feminist space and talk the talk but turn out to be horrible little shits who end up abusing women :1
you're a guy in a feminist space you deserve /more/ scrutiny than the average dude, not less
have to work, I'd gladly engage in this conversation later
it's a gamble where men can win and women can lose
I didn't think that dlnx`` was referring to a feminist space though.
thank you
the case of feminist spaces I have no argument with it at all.
to me like a bunch of women just don't want just any guys hanging around. :1
just speaking as a trans woman here for a moment...
doesn't have to be formalised, it's just a matter of different expectations, if there are people thinking of it as such and others not, I think.
can't remember where it is from, but there is this sentence I'll never forget and it goes like 'if humans in their history would only have had reforms - they still would sit on trees. But if they only would have had revolutions - they would again sit on trees'.
I have /damn few/ cis people as friends and considering that 99% of the people I interact with on a daily basis are cis... yeah
see.
why? because if you're from the oppressor class /I can not trust you/ especially if you haven't demonstrated yourself to actually /be/ trustworthy in the first place
remember once my cis friends tried to hold an intervention to try and get me to stop saying mean things about cis people
was funny, we had a nice discussion of structural power, and i carried on
you know what? You can't exactly demonstrate trustworthiness when we go around coddling a safe little space for little oppressor allies.
have to admit that it took me a long time to understand why this agression is necessary but i became pretty convinced over time that there sadly is no other way at the moment
fact of the matter is, that the oppressor class will /never/ willingly cede power. They may make token gestures that do little to actually redress the balance of power so long as their guilty conscious is assuaged.
some type
even if that force is just the sheer annoyance of having to listen to or look at the unwashed oppressed every day
don't get anywhere by asking nicely.
when the 'reforms' happen due to oppressor conscience...
reforms do not happen when the oppressor is /comfortable/
must be made to be /uncomfortable/ by whatever means
obviously one can't get things done without conflict and confrontation. My concern is more about the tactics of it than anything else.
currently mainly happen to make more money imho
and I would further point out that men are not really in a position to comment on feminist tactics since, being part of the oppressor group, there is a fundamental conflict of interest.
think it's better to say fuck patriarchy and fuck chauvinism than fuck men
all
so every little boy can say ~not all men~ in his little head.
patriarchy and fuck chauvinism" gives men an easy way to ignore their own privilege
it basically means a man can say "i don't like patriarchy, therefore i'm one of the good ones, and never have to examine my own behaviour"
seems to me, fwiw which isn't much, that both things have their uses.
what do you think about Emma Watson?
what men did to women the last few thousand years they really do not have any right to feel bad about  verbal aggrresion ... and if they do
most likely deserve it
you, tachikoma
don't know any emma watson, sorry
think this argument is like "you are German and while you haven't been alive during WWII you should be killed for what your ancestors did to Jews"
Hermione from the Harry Potter films
nobody's saying anything about killing anybody :1
think this argument is like "you are German and while you haven't been alive during WWII you should be punished* for what your ancestors did to Jews"
  dlnx``  better?
saying anything about punishing men?
  dlnx``  mhm
unless you count affirmative action as punishment, I guess?
ah, i saw half of the first harry potter movie and decided i won;t watch any more, I'm not so much into this kind of stuff
i think she's pretty okay. i also think it's worth critically examining why a young white cis conventionally-attractive upper-class woman was given the position of UN feminism whateverblabla
even if a man isn't directly an oppressor, ALL MEN (YES ALL MEN) benefit from women's oppression
for example, the way women are societally trained to be less assertive. in any discussion with men whatsoever, that's going to benefit men
  +Euryale  ^
men can count on other men (and women) to listen to /them/ over women.
and to consider /them/ the authority and consider /them/ more competent
  +Euryale  ect...
I did that, my conclusions were shocking
does that work LambdaSix?
mind, already reading ikipedia on it (A/B testing) ;)
know what A/B testing is and regularly work with it but i still don't understand what LambdaSix said... :(
joke :B
i just realized that i know A/B testing
  +LambdaSix  hehe
“for what your ancestors did to Jews” — this might be a relevant comparison if patriarchy was in the past. :|
i seeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, reverse a/b testing where the experimenter is also the subject that's in the two groups?
antisemitism is hardly in the past either
Your methodology is screwed up, though, since you're not sufficiently blinded. You ought to present androgynously and then have someone follow you around with a clipboard asking everyone whether they think you're a man or a woman!
Well, that's phease 2 ;)
well, that’s also true but they specifically said for what was done in WW2.
There's probably a vague argument that reparations are due, though that's politically sensitive due to the first time france tried that with the Versailles agreement :3
  kirjatoukka heh
see what germany does to greece and maybe we soon can say 'fuck germans' again without having to wonder if it's ok or not ...
it would have been america paying the reparations anyway…
not all germans ;)
| I think this argument is like "you are German and while you haven't been alive during WWII you should be punished* for what your ancestors did to Jews""   That is just silly, that would only be a valid counter-argument if this oppression was history, but it is not, it happening everywhere at all times, _right now_
agree, but for someone living in greece i think it would be ok to be that blunt
i'm german
exactly
AbigailBuccaneer said, all men are continuing to benefit from women’s oppression and so it’s hardly unreasonable to expect them to hold us responsible for it.
as a man I sure as hell have needed to constantly re-examine my behaviour and still continue to need to do so. It's an ongoing battle and it sure won't be addressed if you already think you're the good guy
dlnx``'s problem with "fuck all men"
an unrelated note: does anybody know of any calming ambient music? like not Music For Airports level ambient just quiet downtempo stuff i can relax to
ros?
I tend to listeno Aphex Twin's Selected Ambient WOrks 85-92 when I want something downtempo but not too flat
It's more electro downtempo though, maybe that's not your thing :P
oh, oops!
yeah that's not really what i'm looking for :P
sometimes listen to music from the 20s - not exactly relaxing, but most of the time lighting up the mood
^_^
sort of 20's music have you been able to find?
molay my hairs really red today
does it have to be ambient/electronica or can soothing classical music also work?
i won't outright exclude classical but i don't really listen to any classical at the moment
usually i just go to yooutube, search for '20s swing'  and click around a bit until something fits my needs
try Hecker
Rad :)
i'm listening
it's not exactly what you are looking for
good search term is 'modern classics'
it could work
Well I'm listening to Powerglove for something to chill, so my idea of chill is probably off
80s aesthetic.
glass?
Well... I'm currently rocking Beethoven's Quintet Op. 16 in E-flat major for piano and winds and it's pretty calming but also very thought provoking
Ohh, glass, Metamorphosis :D
this isn't exactly my thing but the youtube comments actually offer some suggestions
i remember studying philip glass
er, what’s that song
is pretty nice, too :>
Philip Glass knock knock joke:    Knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock. Who's there who's there who's there who's there who's there? Philip Glass.
speak
:D
like satie for relaxing but maybe it's a bit quiet.
is also amazing when it comes to highly melodic music that is also very deep :>
feels weird to have a channel full of people who already obviously listen to good music. I'm all "But... who do I try to convert now??? OMG"
also works perfeclty for me is 'archive' although not really relaxing music they do have some calmer peices
is better for work
twitter name is "Gender Identity Witch" that's fucking amazing
expect some public outcry there, especially if it is that obvious
Inbox started working again
  skynyrdgirl06 hi
here?
yes
Maybe Im the black cloud about to rain out all the fun
implying the previous conversation was fun, of course :)
im a stipper and was hoping to find some feminist dancers online. Anyone else ever danced?
  skynyrdgirl06 lol
did pole recreationally for a while but i never let men see me do it.
have a bunch of tumblr friends who work as strippers but there's nobody i know of in this channel
  skynyrdgirl06 bummer
was really looking for a kindred. someone else to catch this drift ;)
stick around skynyrdgirl06
are definitely strippers and other sex workers in the channel
are you all blue Euryale?
blue?
fancy
your client?
nick? maybe because I'm an op? I'm not +o though so...
  +Euryale  weird
because I'm +v, but Abigail should be blue then, too
have no idea what you just said
new to this site lol
means 'voice' which in this channel means you're not a man and you've stuck around for a couple weeks and that means you get to speak on Mondays
means 'operator' and those people enforce the rules :>
neat
  +Euryale  :1
not all men kill themselves in stupid ways!
know
  +Euryale  #notallmen
is room for improvemnet though ;)
not to mention they're wrapped in layer of mostly-but-not-entirely pro-eugenics aesthetics
you for removing yourself from the gene pool")
saw that to be really black sarcasm
i see how it can be perceived differntly and i was not at all aware of the disability perspective. Tbh i have not read any darwin awards since i think when they were 'invented' in the 90s
got some classic lesbian science fiction romance novel in the post at work today
usually with this kinda thing i would quickly hide it away in my bag
the cover and title don't reveal anything about the book whatsoever so i'm just leaving it out on the side
so anybody who already knows it will recognise it, and anybody who doesn't won't care
cool :>
is the novel?
of a Coral Dawn, by Katherine V. Forrest
blurb makes it sound like basically a hilarious strawman of what people would think lesbian science fiction romance novels would be like (basically "we need to leave earth to escape the men, and then make our own lesbian planet and smooch lots!") but i'm excited
worst it'll be trashy and i'll still love it
need to hang out in here for a while
need to be neutralized after an hour spent in #americapolitics at undernet.. my god
would you do that to yourself
them fuck the police
them it's from me
i don't know, really don't know
i thought it would be entertaining
mistake
it left me nauseous
you all know that obama is an atheist-muslim who became president only to intentionally destroy the US from within as revenge for what he claims it did to his people?
eventually they found out i was a swede and banned be because that must mean i'm a transgender leftard muzloid lover
wow
  boxc  me
were talking about islam and how muslims are "haters", yet i have never in my life experienced as much hate as i did in my short time in that channel
well
only they were right about obama
in the past
what's going on in here?
back to reality in that case
 i noticed
thank you
been living in my little bubble all my life i guess, i had no idea such people actually existed
mean i guess i did... but
it's different when you actually get to talk to them
console myself with poe's law and that most of them are trolls, but deep down i suspect they are for real.
  boxc  yes
I thought you would be getting frustrated by a 'regular' american politics channel, but the KKK esqe folks you described are too much lol
lolling
what, are you saying you are unaware that obama and his fellow muslim terrorists are plotting to turn the US into a complete dicatorship where all freedom is deprived from the individual. the first proof of this is Obamacare
salam alaikum
doco on the over the top responses to obama is right america feeling wronged
shit it's happening ot me up in Canada nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
that the "muzloids" in "canadistan" are about to invade alaska to steal all its gold, but luckily, there is only one way into alaska so it will be easy to put up guard towers to shoot them off
obama hates anyone because of his familial background it would be the british who tortured his granddad, but ok
can't imagine how these people would react if someone like, say, Tsipras, would  get elected thre
  eegor implode
  +epi  gulags!~
hauptsache unser weltanschauung passt auf nen bierdeckel ;)
sorry, wrong channel
  +OffensiveUser  helo
average weekly earnings $300 more than womens
shit...
about...1200 per month...
  +epi  yeah
enormous
can buy a decent used car with that money here
the shit
the comments are all MRAs upset about women not working roles they're specifically excluded from
saying 'they choose lower paying work and work less' like
  +epi  nah
  +epi  nah
don't you just become and engineer?!!?!?!"
make me hurt u >:I
I am trans woman engineer
doable
congratulations
you tried being engineer?
never said it wasn't :V
i've had 130 students in two courses the last month (automatic control and signal processing) and a majority were girls
not an engineer but ive worked in tech
actually think we'll see more female engineers very soon
that's awesome
am seeing it now
been teaching undergrad engineer courses for 5 years now and i've definitely seen an increase in female students only over that time period
i love it because their exams are so nice to correct
of the female students have very nice hand-writing and structure in their solutions
of the men hand in next to unreadable solutions
i'm unsure if the letters are even english, looks more like viking rune symbols
being trans + paranoid, basically taught myself an entirely new handwriting style when i transitioned. you're welcome, exam markers
thank you
need more transgender engineers so we can correct their f-ing exams
  +Kaiserina  wat
that supposed to mean boxc?
my own handwriting mimicked another girl's handwriting from grade school
answers on a letter-by-letter basis! clever
it means i'd prefer all my male students to change sex so i would stand a chance of reading their exams
it was a joke
the fuck did i just read
that's not an okay thing to say, and i don't know why you'd think that that is
in what sense?
sorry if i offended anybody, i just find it interesting that sucha large percentage of the male population have ugly handwriting
that you said you forced yourself to improve your handwriting when you went trans, if i understood you correctly
you went trans" ..wow
  +Kaiserina  just..
shut up
bury yourself deeper
YOU said it "i taught myself an entirely new handwriting style when i TRANSITIONED"
stop
that you did transition
some point
dont know how to take friendly advice i take it
you're being really quite awful now boxc, seemingly without realising it
so
apologize
time just know when to fold them
if i had folded you would just think i was awful intentitionally, at least now you know it was just ignorance
of the hole you dug yourself and into a fresh new one, i see
i just think you're a stubborn fool
  +Kaiserina  happy?
  petn-randall  D:
i really am an elephant in a glass house it seems
i can't say i care that much about what you think about me, but i do care if i make you feel bad
do not like making people feel bad
christ
you dont wanna make me feel bad that shut the fuck up
  +Kaiserina  like
  +Kaiserina  now
  +Kaiserina  jesus
BOUT STOP TYPING
wow
insisting
sake
hostility
#americapolitics to #feminism, one loony bin to another
out
  boxc  gladly
  upholderof  bye
let the door slam your ass
  dlnx``  yeah
her!
  dlnx``  lol
trans anti mad anti shut the fuck up
everyone
The_Cat
much
boy
feminists vs ideological feminists? equality feminists and equity feminist is an MRA buzzword
to think that misandry is a thing
are so many different words for so many different types of feminism, it's ridiculous
with Jay Leno on this one
divide and conquer, basic principal of warfare
women"? what the hell?
  +Kaiserina  ikr
lists 45 different types of feminism under "Variants" in the sidebar
  upholderof  weird
are just pulling "/adjective/ + feminism" out of their ass and calling it insightful
I'm with Jay Leno on this one <Kaiserina> its divide and conquer, basic principal of warfare
  upholderof  rofl
read these messages as beinf from the same person and i was really confused
  +Kaiserina  lol
why the hell is jay leno quoting sun tzu here?? what does jay leno know about this
Sun Tzu of late night tv
leno is actually a conqueror
overlord of the planet
just dont know it yet
your enemies outnumber you five to one, take them out one at a time. if your enemies outnumber you ten to one, retreat. if your enemies outnumber you two hundred to one, YOU GOT YOURSELF A TALKSHOW! hi i'm jay leno
  +Kaiserina  goddamnit
who identify themselves with equity feminism include Jean Bethke Elshtain, Christina Hoff Sommers, Elizabeth Fox-Genovese, Noretta Koertge, Donna Laframboise, Mary Lefkowitz, Carrie Lukas, Wendy McElroy, Camille Paglia, Daphne Patai, Virginia Postrel, Alice Rossi, Nadine Strossen, Joan Kennedy Taylor, Cathy Young, and evolutionary psycholo
Steven Pinker.[3]
of equity feminism include classical liberal feminism and individualist feminism.
almost snorted
evo psych still considered a legit science?
shit is basically metal genres
no
  kirjatoukka ‘still’?
vell
it ever?
equity feminists are not critical of gender or gender roles
as well not call yourself a feminist then lol
similar to how far right parties sometimes use the word "socialism" in their party name to serve as a smokescreen
an equity feminist, my ideology doesn't stand for any actual equity though"
i can't decide if i like death feminism, doom feminism, speed feminism or grunge feminism
my favourite thing about post-feminism is all the incoherent screaming it involves
  upholderof  grincofeminismore
my group is lo-fi noisecore feminism
feminism so you can headbang to doom midis
  +Kaiserina  feministallica
progressive gore feminism
of categories in the underground feminism scene
funny cuz cyberdemons are men rite
I say abolish gender I mean exterminate cyberdemons
  +Kaiserina  yes
actually stands for big feminist glomp
used to always open for mares of thrace
add <upholderof> When I say abolish gender I mean exterminate cyberdemons
  +Kaiserina  lololol
it need to be an op?
carlee_ex_carl
I'm doing all right, yourself?
well
spicy doritos and waiting to go back to work
used to have these really good barbeque flavored doritos but I haven't seen them anywhere recently :(
meowthhh
  meowthhh  hi
really
a conference call in 15 mins ugh
really dislike using the telephone
hate conference calls :(
the phone is bad enough but sitting around a table with a bunch of old white men all yelling into the same shitty plastic box while nobody at the other side can hear you
can't hear jack shit and you MIGHT be able to reach the recipient
are your thoughts on the concept of "womens' spaces"? If you believe in the principle, what criteria should determine whether a person "belongs" in such a space?
going to go with the radical suggestion: women’s spaces should be for women.
  +Kaiserina  woosh
feels like the intro to "womyn born womyn" diatribe :3
question, not the answer..)
all women
i never met a woman that wasn't born into this world o.O
for one would welcome space women
Keilana
  +Keilana  :D
friends.
I'm not a feminist but I need to talk to a feminist about feminism, not in a derogatory way, please don't kick me off but I really need to talk to someone who is friendly, knowledgable about feminism and open to discussion (as in about issues not about anti-feminism vs feminism) please someone help.
is not a 101 channel.
a 101 channel?
you tried Google?
  +Euryale  yes..
if you're not a feminist, what the fuck is wrong with you?!
is your friend. You can read up on a lot of good material by searching for it.
you, but I really need to talk to someone, if this isn't the right place sorry I'll go somewhere else.
don't support the rights of women and other oppressed people~ --not-a-feminist
it would help if you actually asked your question, too :1
Euryale I'm gender egalitarian (completely separating myself from the misogynistic idiots who wrongly call themselves that) it's pretty much the same thing but with different words.
that shit doesn't fly here
why the different word
our topic
rather not I feel very uncomfortable I feel like I'm being judged and I can't
different word because I use the same word for everything bc it's easier e.g race egalitarian gender egalitarian sexuality egalitarian...
my main ethic is everyone is equal full stop- egalitarianism
as a man you /should/ feel uncomfortable
a girl
  +Euryale  oh
why do you feel uncomfortable?
you were shouting at me
get a /lot/ of men who come in here and abuse us
I want to even identify with them they're horrific.
mean egalitarianism is great, it's just most of the people who use the name
they use "you sound like a feminist" as an insult and I just kind of consider them the same thing in a different movement name anyway
think the problem is that a lot of men feel threatened by a movement that explicitly focuses on a group which they do not belong.
but in the same way they /should/ feel uncomfortable
whole point of feminism is to point out the systematic, institutional oppression of women by men
hey Dirigible :>
you don't want to join a woman named by and for women sounds like internalized misogyny to me~
Euryale
I though the whole point of feminism is equality :(
I that wrong?
equality between across genders~
  +Dirigible  between/across
isn't, I have no problem with feminism I consider it the same as gender egalitarianism, just in all fields I consider myself egalitarian so I just say that for everything, not just gender
  morganq lol
you banned, dlnx``?
with the ban evading?
i advocate 4 feminism 2 others and some1 says they're not a feminist, but an egalitarian, it kills me a lil bit
not even movements, it's "egalitarianism" means everythings equal so if I put that infront of everything
problem with 'equality' is that often it's interpreted to mean 'treat these people the same' which completely ignores systemic, cultural biases. Saying 'don't institute a racist hiring policy' does nothing when your human resources department subconsciously devalues dark skin.
so you eschew the term for aesthetic consistency? yeah ok.
do you wan to call yourself an egalitarian, if you have no problem with feminism and you DO have a problem with many self-described egalitarians
sorry I don't understand what you mean?
saying that your reasoning is BS.
worrying and love the feminism~
I only just found out about these self-described egalitarians
hahah
do, I just consider it the same thing in my head
love that phrase.
like saying, yeah i want workers 2 collectively own their workplace, but i'm no socialist
The issue with people have with renaming the movement as egalitarian is that ignores the powerplay that exists today, and have historically existed, like you might know. As a feminist, you're not less for "quality" either; wanting to end the gender gap makes one a feminist.
I never said that I don't think it's less for equality, I wasn't really renaming the movement, I'm 17 and I live in a small place in England which doesn't really have movements so I've just been using ethical terms and have just started to do movements
come to the dark side.
to ~feminism~
whole egalitarian shit boils down 2 either being a misogynist and trying 2 hide it, or being dishonest 2 urself and others 2 try 2 seem more moderate
  Frankenpanda  Okay
think part of it is also wanting equality but not TOO MUCH equality
feminism is ~too far~
like them there wimminz getting abortions every week
I don't see where Frankenpanda have said any of that...
of which?
just think everyone is born equal and people ought to be treated like it, it seems simple to me but these people were talking about rape as if it were something that only counts if you're tied up and it was horrible and whenever I said anything they just said "feminist propoganda"... Like how is it propoganda to say no means no and unless someone
says yes you don't do it?
that last bit was just tagging on to what riddim said)
  +KittenGNU  Ah.
it's feminist propaganda because some people want to truly believe that sometimes rape isn't rape.
you can imply consent by simply being in a relationship with someone, wearing certain clothes, consenting to SOME sex acts, etc.
disgusting.
it is.
don't think you want to be moderate when faced with those people
No I didn't.
moderate w them would b not bashing their heads in
i think being moderate and going for "egalitarian" because people are less offended by it is not great
  +KittenGNU  lol
will honestly lirl if Frankenpanda goes traight from 'egalitinarianism' to 'radical feminism'. That would be legitimately awesome.
offended by "feminist"? anti-feminists...
this
the difference between radical and moderate feminism>
much this
other words, the uh, you know. the enemy
means 2 look from the root
Do people identify as "moderate" feminists?
  upholderof  supsupsup
means 2 examine sex and gender oppression from not just the symptoms, but the systematic things driving it
feel like that is too self aware.
probably "reasonable"
"realistic"
  +Dirigible  Yeah.
'bigbadjudas' someone I should keep an eye on in other channels?
I've seen people be like "I'm a feminist but I'm not a /radfem/"
famous people do
crappy feminism.
men allowed to be feminists too?
big or go home~
are few terms more smug than moderate
depends who you ask.
men supporting feminism are cool as long as they don't take up space and aren't posing and stuff.
a man and i consider myself feminist
the label "feminist" as a man is a different question.
would rather use the term feminist-supporter
oh... run riddim run!
like when dudes use "pro-feminist".
with riddim, but I've been in groups who prefer to that cis men are "pro feminist" rather than are feminist
never argue that they should recognize me as feminist
if some random bro at the ski hill says "what are you, a feminist?!" I'm gonna say yeah
then spray him w snow and zoom away
think there's a difference between a guy who is like "Oh hey, I'm a feminist because I think women should have the same rights as I do and patriarchy is bad" and a man who is like "Stop excluding me! Don't you know I'm a feminist! I'm a nice guy!"
  morganq 8)
makes sense from a practical standpoint.
upholderof
in a feminist space it can be different.
don't mind being called either, but i self identify as feminist, as feminist supporter sounds like fence sitting 2 me almost
The latter is pretty gross.
The latter happens /all the time/
I think in non-feminist spaces it can definitely look like that.
  void|cafe Yup.
just my boyfriend shares my views and hated the group so I think he'd want to be. He wouldn't want to be in a space he's shy and doesn't like talking to people he doesn't know.
there are a lot of shitty dudes who are like "I /deserve/ to be called a feminist" which is awful.
who's a feminist line up behind the mic at feminist event and say something - maybe no one needs to hear my shit
you don't deserve /anything/
yeah, no doubt there fuck those ppl
when men start crying for their right to self-identify that's a red flag.
/earn/ stuff and you should feel honored when women in your life respect you enough to say 'yes, this person is pretty cool and respects me'
as feminist, i mean
seems like a good approach is make it about actually solving the problem and not about your ego, stuff follows from there i think. it's a start anyway.
it's still about taking up space, making sure men aren't trying to steer the movement, etc.
the ones steering the egalitarian stuff
  +Euryale  YES!
many dudes claiming feminism are actually fucking things up so if there's backlash against that term that's fine
tell you women where yr goin' wrong with this here feminism"
definitely with you on that
actually, you should be egalitarian."
  +Dirigible  ha!
it's about ethics in game journalism
you were REALLY for equality you'd be egalitarian~
vell
is a weird word
it ok to be generally egalitarian as in ethical word but a feminist? (as in dropping gender egalitarian but using it as a general thing for everything as in race, gender etc)
main problem is that equality is taken to mean 'the same' rather than 'with justice'.
not?
why not
:)
but don't be surprised if you go into a feminist space and people misunderstand you in a big way ;)
so if I go to a feminist space I gotta explain it in full
to in here, Frankenpanda.
feminist worth their shit is going to be intersectional and that's already implied, tbh.
out "egalitarianism" at feminists is at best a derailing tactic
never ever ever met a feminist org that was straight up against racial equality
so "I'm a feminist and (as an ethical term encompassing all types of minorities and not alluding to the individual movement) an egalitarian"?
you're just being redundant
an intersectional feminist"
  upholderof  yeah
usually go with "I'm a feminist" and everyone else is superfluous.
  vell  ^
  void|cafe everything*
is a specific thing and all that
ethical term just means that everything is equal absolutely
really
you're looking for cookies I don't see why you'd need to list every single thing you're for/against.
don't mean the movement
if you take into account class dynamics it just won't matter if you say that everyone is equal when in practice they aren't
think everyone ought to be
do that while still keeping classes
at that point might as well start calling yourself a marxist
use egalitarian to say that you dislike both sexism AND racism
generally aren't a bigot
mum's a marxist. I don't really get politics so I kind of stick with philosophy and ethics
spaces on average tend to have some background knowledge in philosophy and politics, and it's poor communication skills to use a term that you know is going to imply some shit, but use it in a different way
  +Dirigible  ^
if I explain that I'm not alluding to the political use then I'm sure they'd understand right?
  upholderof  no
not?
would get annoyed outright
what happened here lol.
other half would get annoyed that you didn't use better communication skills
of "UGH" and a whole long explanation.
one or two people would get tired of explaining shit ot you
  Frankenpanda  ok
sure what the attachment to that word is about...
Leonard Nimoy died.
seemed like an okay dude.
i wanted to cover all the bases with one word i'd just call myself a communist
did a photography thing with naked fat ladies which was pretty cool.
Yeah, alas. :(
guess it's a word that does also despite the political implications.
always liked Star Trek too, for doing a bunch of firsts.
gonna watch an episode or two of TOS tonight with siblings
Spock was great.
Long and Prosper :c
fucking piece of shit.
damn I hate that fucking dude.
Walker’s budget, universities would no longer have to report the number of sexual assaults that take place on a campus to the Department of Justice. Under Walker’s plan, university employees who witness a sexual assault would no longer have to report it."
christ
want to punch him in the face so bad.
Sounds like my old school. A year 7 girl got sexually harrassed and abused by a year 11 boy and he just had to say "sorry".
they try to brush it off as childhood bullying?
they tried to make out like this 11 year old girl consented to this 15 year old boy doing this stuff.
  +Kaiserina  typical
  +Kaiserina  <-<
hit him (not hard I'm not a strong person) and I got put in iscolation. He had to say sorry for sexually abusing an 11 year old and I bearly tapped a sexual offender and I got put in a room away from the rest of the school for a couple of days..
fuck
know
shit happens when the bullied lashes out against the bully
kid is suspended, the dickwad they do jackshit
disgusting
boards usually are
like these are teachers, it's terrifying isn't it? Thinking that if you have kids they'll have people like that looking after them?
had a lot of bro teachers in my highschool
are usually crap
old physics and chemistry teacher would outright let kids bully and would laugh at me in her classes
god that's terrible I'm so sorry
  +Kaiserina  meh
suffered worse
mean some are good, and the head of my sixth form is amazing if anything is reported he calls up social services and the police but teachers like that make us think who didn't pass the safe to look after children test
teachers like that are limited by the system.
such a test would probably be a good idea :V
their own peers.
I mean he doesn't know what happens when it's reported..
would bet but i dont wanna go full cynical just yet
I mean my dad's a social worker and he tries to do his best but even he says how crap the system is, like most of the social workers he's with just want to get it over with asap and dont care about the children.
  Alexander Hey!
a bit mad.
  Frankenpanda  Hi
relatively non-close to me, thinks that there is already gender equality because our president is female.
male, so I guess that's why.
  +Kaiserina  argentina?
  Guest87687  No
  Guest87687  Chile
yes, another version of the "we have a black president, thus racism is no longer a thing" argument.
  +Kaiserina  hmm
kinda wanna say its the machismo in our latin cultures but idk :x
is worse than America. Women are paid less (the gap isn't $5), they ALWAYS get raped and-or killed-
  +Kaiserina  yea...
a little more tame here but women are still pretty much viewed as property
they're on an endless fight to get a law against those who shout gross stuff at you
did my nick change?
that was weird
  +Kaiserina  probably
you don't own the nick, you can't use it.
can alwas use /nick to pick another one
  +Dirigible  lol.
GOT CAUGHT
  upholderof  OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
  bajin :o
  +Kaiserina  BUSTED
telling mom!
  +Dirigible  lollll
  morganq haha
  skynyrdgirl06 hello?
wrong
Hello.
  vell  sup
bad, i was gonna have an in depth discussion w her about southern rock
why would anything be wrong?
  bajin welp
finally moved on past swamp rock because i keep reading that nick as "sky-nerd girl"

often ignored ways in which capitalism oppresses women and other groups.
dispute it
cannot be possible
are highly elevated by Corporate Heads
feminism protect a lady ?
feminism protect a man who is oppressed 24x7 by a lady ?
one is talking here
FEMINISM PROTECT A LADY?!
one
that laaaday
  +Euryale  laydeez~
man who is oppressed 24x7 by a lady
That sounds like the pretext to a bad dominatrix porn
  +Dirigible  lol
my!
wow wow
make fun of people who don't speak english natively
makes you think they didn't speak english natively?
read "does feminism protect a lady?" like "does feminism protect women? no, but capitalism does". Like that was the implication. It's funny because it's ass backwards, not because it's not in english.
was talking to this guy yesterday and... just sigh
feel that way sometimes too.
think there have been some steps backwards def
feminists have certainly become more codified, aka mras
the man i was talking to yesterday felt that "feminists have done a great job" because "society is much more gender equal now and we just have to be careful so the scales don't tip over"
  riddim  ugh
'so the scales dont tip over'
  +epi  lmao
apparently we are very near a society where men are oppressed, instead of women
only
big
brother is actually someone who feels that women have gained more power than men.
he showed me some something called mgtow on youtube
of you familiar with mgtow?
yes
it's more mra drivel
your brother gonna ghow?
  jing  ghow?
his own way
  jing  lmao
said so after getting out of a "bad" relationship
take my ball and GO HOME
tried talking about economic differences and they had no answer.
saying things about women getting pregnant to entrap men financially
  +Dirigible  haaa
oh god... only too familiar ;_;
how so?
okay slight exaggeration, but i just got this feeling from the person i was talking to yesterday. he called himself a feminist but hearing him reason about things was just painful
  +Dirigible  lolol
to men in feminism
lot of guys also 'get into feminism' for pussy :1
sex-positive man-feminists
understood... okay so have to excuse my english sometimes
it's like all these "feminist" men succeeds in convincing women that they are feminists and that society is more equal now, which could put a lid on the movement, but just for a while obviously, until women start realizing.. so in a way i feel as if we have a feminism bubble
it seems we are going forward if you don't look closely
then suddenly it will burst and it will be worse than before
perhaps not..
just got that feeling yesterday
not sure about that.
true
speculation extravaganza yet so to say
then again.. that is almost the case here
don't really think women interested in feminism are just going to take men's word for it, either.
live in a city in sweden where one fourth of the population are students. 22.5% of the population in the student part of town last election was for the Feminist Initative party
i'd bet half of those are self-identifying men
for FI to "get pussy", as Euryale put it
the ballots public there?
my english today... so 22.5% of the people voted for FI
after the election you can check the results of each area of the city
i think i'm overanalyzing a bit, Dirigible is right
That's so frustrating. Sex-positivism is /really important to feminism/ but men are hijacking it to mean 'you can't criticize my problematic fantasies whaaa!'
"sex-negative"
and the guy i was talking to yesterday also said "so i saw that feminist movie a few days ago, 50 shades of grey" (not his exact words, but more or less)
  +Dirigible  LOL
that's definitely not just men.
an issue with sex-positive feminists being pretty pushy about sex wrt people who have been sexually abused or had other experiences which lead to them having no interest in or desire for sex
nothing wrong w sex and bs about virginity and virtue needs 2 b destroyed. but i think prostitution, strip clubs, etc r exploitative as fuck
"you just need the right partner~"
is incredibly gross :1
being necessary is a sign of bigger issues at play. I suspect many prostitutes go into it not as their first option, but as their only option.
think however that prostitutes and other sex workers deserve support until we can abolish that shit 4 good
there's the crap with dudes using sex-positive feminism against women by calling them prudes and such
I have problems with the push to abolish sex work and such because the fact is that sex workers live on the /front lines/ of patriarchy and need every bit of help we can give them and saying 'what you do for a living is awful and anti-feminist and patriarchal' is literally throwing sex workers under the bus.
positive feminism requires that you respect women's choices, either way.
not, LadyCailin
its criticisms
whole sex positive shit is a slur against 2nd wave feminists like mackinnon that weren't even against sex
me, anyways.
huh i didn't even think of that, riddim
sure there's ppl who enjoy sex work, but i do believe it's neccesarily anti feminist. this as i noted above doesn't mean i wouldn't support union drives or other ways 2 make sure they r safe
And there is very often times a fine line between consent and abuse in the BDSM world
the fact that that happens, and the fact that there are other people that call themselves sex-positive yet have shitty views about it doesn't stop me from being sex-positive.
Saying that sex work is  fundamentally anti-feminist /makes sex work unsafe/
of my opposition 2 sex work comes from the fact that it's always going 2 involve the objectification and commodification of women
the woman had a choice in it though, and enjoys that, where is the problem?
liberal society these choices r illusory
then let's fix that problem.
wasn't longer ago than last month that the chief of police in my city was on radio and said that "they don't focus on cases where prostitutes have been mistreated, because they chose that line of work themselves" claiming that they focus more on cases where women have been forced into sex-work (even though they only resolved two such cases in 5 years)
rid of sex work won't fix the problem
of all, sex work in most states is underground already
you can't pass a law or whatever
suppose you can make the punishments worse
agree, which is y i support helping them in present society
that seems counterproductive too
that's great
why does that require being sex-negative?
a goal, anyways
sex negative is a slur
"sex-negative"
the quotes
do you mean by that then?
take a critical position towards any emancipatory potential in simply sex
needs 2 b a structural change imo 2 effect the desired changes of "sex positive" feminists
the current set up i think this can lead 2 supporting and even enjoying the exploitation of women
is fucked up
just think that sexual freedom is a core component of feminism. If we're trying to regulate women's choices, whatever that may be, that runs counter to feminism itself.
agree though, this is a difficult matter. Should a woman that is anti feminism/anti woman be allowed to make that choice?
  +Dirigible  o_O
said at the beginning, that bs sexual mores that inhibit free sexual expression need 2 b destroyed
how would one go about to destroy it though?
What does that look mean O.o
So... how about you /stop shaming them by calling their activities anti-feminist/?!
choice is always 2 b respected, it's the fact that such awful choices (which i noted is not always such a choice) should not exist
I think that women in general, and particularly those women who are most exposed to sexual exploitation are the ones in a position to /dictate what is and is not harmful to women/
but that's not a reflection of the women. That's a reflection of our shitty society making that the only option for some women.
should never have 2 b in a position where they have 2 sell themselves 2 live
not really a reflection of prostitution either
you, but we really don't need ivory-tower liberal feminists or, in this case, men, telling us that something women do is 'harmful to women'
a reflection of shitty society
  +Dirigible  *_*
i'm taking a liberal position here lol
pretty much
taking a radical postion
:1
women who spend their lives on the /front lines of patriarchy/ what is and is not exploitative to women is not radical
then, keep taking a liberal individualist pov and call me liberal
i agree with you that those who are most exposed are the ones who should say what is and is not harmful to women, but we have seen lots and lots of examples of oblivious women, so molded by the discourse of patriachy that they perhaps can't see it themselves, if that makes sense?
don't feel like I've seen a ton of accounts from sex workers that say sex work isn't exploitative or harmful to women.
It does make sense but it's also extremely paternalistic. "Oh, you just don't understand that this is not what is good for you" is pretty much the classic silencing tactic of /any/ marginalized group.
we want to /treat women with respect/ we need to acknowledge that women are capable of making informed, ADULT decisions about our bodies and what we do with them.
  iocis true
you can do that and still want to dismantle the entire need for sex work, though?
I think dismantling the demand for sex work is different than saying that sex work itself is anti-feminist.
true.
part of ur liberal pov there. there's no self ownership, u r ur body. selling ur self is propping up that liberal idea
also a big difference between sex work and the sex /industry/
there's a difference between the activities of sex workers and the activities of their clients
workers are doing what they need to do, with their own bodies, in order to empower themselves and that is pretty much as feminist as you can get, right there.
commodifying urself, ur upholding the same framework that justified slavery
the fact that patriarchal pigs chose to behave like animals toward them is /not their fault/ and we should not be shaming sex workers or telling them that they're 'enabling bad behavior'
but i see parallels to women in abusive relationships, who are so convinced that the abuse is their own fault
is it okay for us to tell a sex worker that she's doing wrong things because she's 'enabling' clients who are patriarchal CREEPS but it's /not/ okay to tell a woman in a short skirt that she's not okay because men might want to rape her?
am not sure that sex work itself is necessarily feminist, but I think it's definitely a feminist issue.
if it's a matter of women making that choice, what choice is it if the difference between doing sex work and not is whether you get evicted?
course, the whole problem with sex work would solve itself if the other issues of society was solved.
never said shit 2 blame women, i mentioned that this liberal idea of a choice in a patriarchical, capitalist society is bogus
strawmanning me hard
maybe it's not in and of itself feminist but it's certainly anti-feminist to moralize the efforts of women to better themselves /with what resources they have/.
moralizing shit, i'm applying a materialist critique
so the women who are forced into prostitution due to lack of opportunity don't actually have choice. This is true.
feel like there are often really weird concurrent, contradictory sentiments wrt sex work where you're meant to defend sex work "at all costs" but without looking at it and the need for it critically.
think we can all agree that we need to support sex workers fully until the need for sex work is eliminated.
present, at least.
but at the same time this is not an argument that is unique to sex work. It can be made to /any/ marginalized occupation within a capitalist framework.
agreed
Hear hear!
moralize this and make it personal, when i walk outside and c women i grew up with on the corner, i'm mad. never at them, but at the shitty society that puts them in this position
and I think we can start with not declaring that sex workers are hurting women :1
that sex work hurts women
what of sex workers who feel it hurts women?
do believe sex work hurts women, just like i believe slavery hurts any1
i think it's important to make those summarizing statements every now and then in internet discussions, they tend to derail easily to the point where it's hard to remember what you're even trying to say
Then they should have a voice but I think if that is going to be the position that we, as a larger movement should take, it should /come from within the sex worker community itself/
mean... we're really walking the line here because time and time again, well meaning people selectively chose to boost the voices of those they claim to want to help.
doesn't matter if they were 'voluntarily' sold in slavery or if they enjoy it. that they r a slave is violence against humanity even if they never felt the sting of a whip, just like sex work
  +Euryale  woah...
I am kinda confused on this. What makes this different from workers sans sex?
y we call it wage slavery
we apply the same logic to workers, providing the same weight that they self determine the degree of their own harm, does that undermine that they should not be exploited?
still don't see how any of this is the fault of anybody else other than those who deign to /own the slaves/
don't see where anyone said it's anyone's fault.
rather, the fault of sex workers.
never said women should b blamed! goddamn
what is your ultimate goal here?
i'm a bit torn too. i agree with Euryale that it's dangerous to be paternalizing, but perhaps in SOME cases it is necessary. i guess the problem is it is impossible to know when it is necessary and so one should be extremely careful before trying to speak for other people
argument from the start was that criticizing sex work /from a patriarchal standpoint/ necessarily criticizes sex workers.
rid of the system that causes sex work to be necessary?
  riddim  yes
then that's all there is to it.
is different from criticizing the sex /industry/ from a capitalist standpoint)
think we all agree. Women should not be required to go into any particular field because they have to, rather than because they want to.
large number of sex workers is probably an indication that the system is broken.
I can also enjoy /my/ job but it doesn't mean I'm not exploited and that it isn't ultimately my undoing.
is otherwise irrelevant information
Very true.
think the question here is not so much 'are sex workers exploited' because I don't think anyone can honestly draw a conclusion other than /yes/ due to our capitalist system. The question at hand is whether sex work exploits /women as a whole/.
  +Dirigible  Hmm.
that puts a different angle on things.
pointed out this already, it's objectifying and commodifying the female form
we can assume that the woman actually chose to go into it, then no, I don't think it exploits women as a whole.
hard to cast sex work as exploitative of women without saying this is the result of sex workers, I think.
and of itself even in a communist society the act would represent a restoration of capitalism/patriarchy
bigo!
  +Euryale  bingo
idea of a woman "selling" anything, much less themselves would b doing this
even if we were to accept that sex work objectifies and commodifies the female form it /only does so/ due to the context of a culture that /already does this/
see...
the fucking problem.
workers /DO NOT SELL THEMSELVES/. They SELL A SERVICE which is sex. It is patriarchy and /men/ who see sex workers selling a service and /impose/ their objectifying gaze upon them!
work relies on a system which already exploits women.
of the perverseness of capitalism lies in this selling of the self, something that men even experience
current sex industry does, not sex work itself
Did slaves also sell services?
I would argue with that. I think it's perfectly possible to sell sex in a non-oppressive context just like you can sell a massage or a ticket to a play or any other recreational service.
selling a commodity regardless euryale, this is neccesarily anticommunist
don't think that's possible in any universe similar to our own.
considered selling used panties online. I don't feel like that's oppressive to me in any way.
mean, Euryale, a lot of shit is possible without oppression when you place it in a vacuum, free from patriarchy and capitalism.
Wouldn't a communist system reward those workers who provide a service that the community enjoys? Can sex not be such a service?
fair enough Dirigible
would b on the basis of need
don't think of sex as a commodity as it seems u do tho
y'all. I'm dead tired, I'm going to bed. I've enjoyed the conversation though, thanks!
  +LadyCailin nini
LadyCailin
would simply be a free action taken on the part of liberated actors w no force or coercion as it is now
riddim what is your end game here? what is it that you want to achieve in this matter and how do we achieve it?
capitalism, build a revolutionary movement
If this is the case, how would you consider other creative arts like writing or painting or dance and the like? Would you not reward writers or painters or dancers for the production of /those/ arts? To really excel at an art you really need to dedicate yourself to it.
okay, isn't that what we all want?
but this is getting /way/ off topic
and my sex-positivity is showing <.<
i see what you are saying, but i guess we have to consider what Dirigible said about the vacuum. after all, as it is in this society, sex -is- different from say dancing
though we may not want it to be
these r basic communist q/a things, feel free 2 bring them up in ##socialism
That's typical of men... trying to move the discussion into a non-female space >:3
/s
curious tho, have u spoken 2 any other 'sex negatives' b4 or read any second wave lit?
think 'sex negative feminism' is kinda the norm, tbqh
feel free 2 fem up ##socialism, we'd love it
  +Euryale  :>
third wave kinda started w/ the defeat of 'sex negatives' tho, as the narrative goes
channel is way more open 2 my style feminism than most other places would b
i remember emmeka almost getting banned 4 his uncritical support of porn
feel weird about dudes having their own style feminism
wave honestly makes me very uncomfortable :1
transphobic shit is bad no doubt
imo, the most radical shit is modern but more second wave influenced feminists
wonder how feminism will evolve once the collapse of the financial system comes
problem with second wave and transmisogyny (remember, it's SPECIFICALLY transmisogyny) is that the transmisogyny is a /direct product/ of the larger philosophy
in what ways, riddim?
4 most it was an overly mechanistic materialism
led 2 those issues
materialist rather than pomo
course that narrative of third wave feminism originates from the second wave as such
do the nebulous attacks against "postmodernism"
knew nuit would jump on that if he saw it
  +Dirigible  lol
turtles~
is hard to look at
saw this guy at the DMV  the other day... super white guy with dreadlocks but the kicker was that he had them all bunched up in a bun on the top of his head
/silliest thing ever/
think if i was america's stalin i'd ban white ppl from having dreadlocks
yeah
just no need 4 that shit
wasn't a top knot it was like...
funny how often white people dreads just look like turds
knot? is that like those mini pony tails?
sorry...
dudes with high ponytails/buns
hating hard here on white ppl dreads
You know those little troll dolls out of the 90s? Imagine one of those got drooled on by a toddler and then attacked by a vacuum cleaner. This should give you a very good idea of the hairstyle.
  +Dirigible  LOL
  +Dirigible  lirl
i think i know what you mean
sounds weird
dear lord
think i just found a photo of cary fukunaga with a top knot
last name cracks me up
  +Dirigible  lol.
used to have a ponytail back at uni. >_<
was pretty terrible.
feel like guys with ponytails are really into them or really defensive about them
top-knots are kind of everywhere now
  +Dirigible  yeah
really popular in the 20-something demographic coming right after the macklemore haircut
  +Dirigible  :c
you gotta do that
haven't seen too many over here.
is /so cool/
time it was a tiny piece of metal with the word "best" printed on it.
  eegor omg
:)
cute
shit
lens cap bit
  +Dirigible  watf
are smarter than they appear!
r intelligent as fuck. mofos understand metaphors
I have a ponytail. :(
  void|home #NotAllPonytails.
  kirjatoukka ^

hi
  iocis hi
you sound really into your ponytail
  kirjatoukka D:
maybe not. are you really defensive of it?
  vell  beautiful
  upholderof  wooooooooooooooooooo
is fucking awesome.
:>
  upholderof  rad1
is totally rad
lil kids
would like to point out the percentage of 'first African American X in the US' people are /still alive/
overturned their interracial marriage ban in the year 2000
is the armpit of America :1
live in MS. Believe me, it doesn't smell much better over here.
oppression and racial oppression are in Canada too
final legally recognized lynching was in Minnesota right
not sure
pretty shitty, that's for sure :1
grew up thinking that government-endorsed racism is a thing of the past in this country
you believe that masturbation to porn is harmful to women?
STICK AROUND FOR THE ANSWER EH ALEX
:1
just got lambasted on facebook by an acquaintance, who is expecting offspring, because I dared to pose the question on my own feed about how making a big deal about child's gender anatomy before they've even been born seems silly to me.
was unaware they're having offspring, so it was entirely unrelated.
end vent.
get weird as fuck about babies

a (much closer) friend of mine had a kid, said she was having a girl. I'm like, "how do you know?" and good conversation was had about gender expectations and whatnot.
I get told that HOW DARE I BRING SOCIAL JUSTICE INTO OTHER PEOPLE'S CHILDREN-RAISING, and I'm like... uhhhh... huh?
are very defensive about that. Gotta start gender policing young or you might get one of those QUEER BABIES
people that are "allies" intensely gender police or at least subliminally enforce from birth on
  +duckasaurus  ayup.
I think to myself - of the people I feel honored to genuinely call friend, more than 2-3rds either don't identify with the binary, or don't identify with the gender they were assigned with. How much less harmful would it have been not to have been born with expectations?
answer would be not harmful in full
should) lash out at people. it's a bit sad.
justice belongs in their children-raising BECAUSE THEIR CHILDREN ARE PEOPLE TOO
fucking christ
dont you see
your baby /is not your property to do with as you wish/
justice is bad
  +Euryale  fuck
drive out those skeleton sjws
DARE YOU BRING SOCIAL JUSTICE
DARE YOU
baby is a boy but I'm not going to mess up his masculinity like your mom~
dare you accuse me of being a bad parent~
deserve nothing but praise for absolutely anything and everything i do as a parent
knows best~
Pretenders: A Drag King Ethnography
Use a drum: The priests of Cybele, who were either eunuchs, or persons of effeminate and worthless character, walked in their processions beating a "tympanum." a "drum" or "tambourine." The Captain, by his question, contemptuously implies that Agorastocles is such a character. See the Truer lentus, l. 608, and the Note.
<3
here?
just came to tell everyone my victory against the patriarchy today
snuck into the mens room
smeared my feces on the urinal handles
will teach those privelaged cis males to opress us with their standing
  riddim  wtf
b getting weird nowdays
  +Dirigible  lolll
cat!
beautiful little catty from upstairs. :)
  grant kitteh
little fuzzy.
fuzzy is surprisingly pointy...
all your fuzzies this sharp
  +Euryale  ?
your photographs are really spectacular
other fuzzy is a ferret!
have many pointy bits too
the fuzzies get along?
is a doggie, not a ferret
haven't eaten each other yet!
ferret is my partners and the cat is mine.
cat is pretty afraid of the ferret!
cat O.o
is ferret
promised, dog delivered
have been swindled, i dare say
ferret <3
are very fluffy and not scary at all
you like a pet?
probably not
probably just want to poop in my purse
you're a ferret
accidentally fell off the stairs just before that, so she was feeling a bit flat.
  +Euryale  awweh
you have to ferret proof everything?
through the entire house!
she stays in the bathroom most of the time anyway.
  +Dirigible  awww
lil ferret
these are pretty photos
much beauty; so little time!
yes nice photos indeed
ferret, no front legs
what are the fluffies' names
Alfred Beans the cat and Missy the ferret!
  +Dirigible  Beans~
snap
  +Dirigible  :D
aristocratic
even got the flinging of the mouse around the garden down pat
enforces his own pat-riarchy.
  +Dirigible  catriarchy
  void|home Heh.
any of you active in politics?
me.
I would point out that this is a feminist channel
political is kinda the /whole idea/
do you mean by active in politics
i mean active in the sense that you're spending a lot of your free time on promoting feminism politically somehow. be it taking on responsibilities in some political party or talk in the town square etc
english fails me slightly here
guess "active in politics" was the wrong choice of words, but perhaps you understand what i mean
was a bit
moderate four feminist channels :1
this consumes a considerable amount of my time
least some days
it's something! :)
why did you stop?
health
i wonder what i would do if society were the way i want it to be.. i spend most of my life fighting it seems
i could have learned to play the flute!
accordion!
bought myself a ferret
an accordion!
did you consider buying an accordion before you got Missy?
you own one?
do you play?
do own one
i don't play
It's my partner's ferret! It came with them when they moved in!
in its case currently, acting as my nightstand
in the shower?
on that note, time to pick them up from work, finally!
worked 12 hours >_<
wil we destroy men
ilykwomansrites*
RUN THE WORLD??? lol :P
answr is gurls...
  ilykwomansrites :\
a very very transparent troll you know
means invisible right.. i am n0 ghost
no i mean we get it
see right through the act
v. clever
people understand the need for just interaction among the genders
seems ableist
excuse me?
nothing inherent about being clever that would make one strive for justice
fact it's quite the opposite
clever don't need justice. they do well under all conditions
just demonizing the "dumb"
  +epi  uh
i'm saying the troll isnt very good at trolling
good at math or w/e, pretty terrible idea of what intelligence or cleverness is
wtf.
  +annika_  o.o
and that's enough of that
grey tea is nice.
  radfem  hi
  radfem  ...
end up wearing the sexy stuff on laundry day because ive worn all the practical stuff
got the opposite thing going on, pj pants w/holes in them under my jeans because laundry day
  Shannon heh
is, i live in an apartment building with a shared laundry room, so i want to look as if i'm Always Proper
Are you sure your name doesn't end with m instead of n?
  Shannon muh?
  Shannon Shan-nom
  yashi Exactly
  yashi Shannom
to make more sense to me.
the name is Shannon
but sometimes certain other names make more sense than what one starts with.
what are you talking about?
saying the name Shannom is better than the name Shannon.
  Shannon ok
is a place
What place?
is in Ireland
cool
Irish?
River Shannon is the northern boundary of the County Kerry
also a town in the County Clare
only about as Irish as many millions of Americans are
also my name)
see
enjoy your name
predict in a few years there will be no more Shannons left--only Shannoms.
might change my name to Sharrnon because with bad kerning it looks like "Shannon" but it's not pronounced like that.
Kuehl.
kerning?
the spacing between letters
see
would Carlee look like Shannon??
think Carlee means that Sharrnon would look like Shannon
  yashi Oh
why would you want to change your name to something that with bad kerning looks like something else but isn't pronounced like it?
is the usual mistake
mess with civil servants who have to deal with names.
get called Sharon and sometimes Shauna
I get called Sauna.
about S'na?
best way to do that is to have superscripts or subscripts or spaces or non-english characters like umlaut
hate oomlouds.
i expect a lot of those old systems will disappear and less and less of it will rely on human eyes
... in a sense ... like what does our name matter when we have unique biometric identifiers
and gender are more or less things "given" at birth but are basically meaningless in the long run
... a variable identifier
interesting!
it's becoming very clear that having only two slots with distinct, opposite traits is ludicrous because it neither represents reality nor respects autonomy
  upholderof  preach
the 'right' to assign a value to the variable yourself
no ethical or political POV, i guess im trying to put it into an analogy of sorting types
up against the social norms can also just be plain amusing
MarkDude
upholderof :)
it sunday in your timezone? you having a good sunday?
about noon here in NorCal :)
cool
is march women's history month?!
listening for a while, /me is sharing a link that many have seen already, but, is great for those that may have not. Its George Orwell writing about Gandhi
instead of just assuming, am asking first. Barring no objections, I will share it. Its an interesting critique on leaders. Also something I have had to re-read a few times :)
got a lot of nasty things to say about Orwell and Gandhi
share away?
travolta also like sexually harasses people in the gym
an asshole
jerk no one is going to correct him :(
was allegedly wanking and looking at some dude in the shower and also like felt up a bunch of other dudes
their consent
  +Kaiserina  o.O
  +Dirigible  WTF
real?
  +zetkin yeah
a whole reddit thing where people came forward about it
its 24 hour gyms
LA
people had the same exact story
a lawsuit iirc
  +GorillaWarfare Whaaat
met him once..
a lot of shit like this apparently
person described he and his trainer specifically picking out each machine the guy had used after he was done and using it and then after that him positioning himself in the sauna so he could be seen from the shower when the guy was there and had his legs spread out
kind of shitty that they're going around trying to "unmask" people
yeah
is
don't understand how he's still just serial assaulting people
nothing is being done
white men getting away with crimes
have thought
  +zetkin :(
sup zetkin
this monday isn't going to be MM?
much upholderof
working on some resolutions for a party congress
is this your new party?
  +zetkin yeah
its already monday in here
  eegor !femops
up eegor?
my!
sorry everyone!
lemme get my male contribution in before it's too late
Just another misandric monday WoAahwOah ♪
goodness for that MM, eh
can't tell if that's sarcastic or not, Dirigible :P
  +Dirigible  sarcasm~
is so cool Dirigible <3
I'm a bit worried about the color selection :1
a nice color but over a large area it's going to increase saturation and tone...
gonig to be a very /dark/ room
of the effects of misandry monday is that this channel is dead as hell on a monday
i guess just shows to what a large extent this channel's userbase is male-dominated
it does mean i need to find another irc channel to kill the time with on mondays
  +LambdaSix  :3
isn't dead usually? this seems unusually quiet
usually pretty dead tbh
other thing about monday is it's a workday
many people
yeah, fuck men
  +Bequita  s/fuck/kill
let's not literally fuck 'em
let's go
i'm only really in this channel on mondays
  +AbigailBuccaneer s/mondays/weekdays/
tell myself that i'm helping overthrow capitalism by talking about feminism instead of working
  +epi  lol
monday is always quieter than the other weekdays
monday <3
right it's monday
Misandry Monday! Booo Monday!
'go to the DMV day' ;-;
luck euryale :c
  +Euryale  thanks
shouldn't be a problem
got my doctor to sign a little permission slip where she attests that I have a 'female demeanor' that is 'non transitional' so now the DMV will /recognize the sex on my fucking birth certificate/
:1
one of the effects of misandry monday is that this channel is dead as hell on a monday <-- yep.
even technically starts early Sunday morning for north americans, where i suspect the majority of the userbase is.
it's not solely an issue of it being a business day.
was even specifically chosen because 1) at the time, the channel was most active on week days, 2) having it span globally (i.e., be 48~ hours long) actually spread it out so for some of the world, it wasn't entirely during business days
usually I spend my Monday being like “YES I AM GOING TO PRODUCTIVE AND STAY OFF IRC AND TUMBLR”
but MM doesn't start on Monday for you.
starts on Sunday morning.
enough
isn't your fault, of course
part of why I’m trying to be productive on Monday is sleeping all day Sunday…. P
  +Keilana  :P
was made to solve a specific problem that it isn't solving anymore, is my point
  +Keilana  yeah
I suspect, is for a number of reasons)
are my gilmore girl fans
  +Dirigible  girls*
stopped watching in season 5 or so :P
gonna buy one but i can't decide which
can't justify one, let alone both
am more attached to luke's diner, but i love the "sores & boils alley" bit on the dragonfly inn one
stopped watching cause they said something transphobic
it really on sores and boils alley :P
  +Dirigible  yep
the show sucks about a lot of shit, trans issues included
gets fucken (more) racist in the last 2 seasonsish
on sores and boils alley because of TAYLOR)
course
your hand if you've known a male feminist like this
  +Dirigible  o/
are the worst.
"feminists"
  +Dirigible  mmhmm
oh jeez
  +GorillaWarfare Yep
gun violence on that link)
shit sorry
thanks GorillaWarfare
  +GorillaWarfare :)
  +epi  lol
  user123321  hi
  +GorillaWarfare Hello
What's so great about that?
ruth bader ginsburg
have no idea who that is.
kuehl.
so...
  +libbies  so...
took a walk and ran into this guy who decided it would be totally non-threatening to cat-call me on an isolated trail thing.
  +Euryale  :1
  +Euryale  also...
the fuck thinks that "Hey, bitch, ~how ya doin~" is at /all/ going to endear me to you?
  +yar  PUAs
right...
for reminding me about 'negging'
  +Euryale  ooooooooooh!
explains why it's the same asshole I ran into the other day who got after me for my gender presentation :1
  +Euryale  goddamnit...
constantly run into him on my favorite trail in the city :1
since I live in a city it's like... the /only/ trail
why it's my favorite)
he gets after me for being trans/dyke/whatever (couldn't tell) just the other day and today he's sexually threatening me? Creepy... also you should talk to your doctor about your awful memory."
this explains things much better >.>
pickup artists aren't exactly state of the art anyway
fishing for vulnerabilities. if you respond in a way that shows weakness then he'll keep trying at you.
next time I go down that trail I'm carrying a weapon
that was seriously close
really like that part of the trail but it's a side path that's /very/ isolated
didn't expect to run into anyone there
careful :c
:1
die :c
be murdered by the police either for having a weapon <_<
shit... yeah
I'll just drive a tank or something
is crap :1
need to walk almost every day for my mental health but because of my mental health I can't always find time to walk during 'safe' times :1
  void|work Coffee!
  wowaname  finally
  wowaname  h
Hello?
  wowaname  sup
why hello is a question now
was curious if your 'h' was the start of a hello.
  wowaname  oh
common on irc networks i'm on
  void|work Oh?
  wowaname  ya
windows used (0 vertically / 0 horizontally split). 117 (of which 23 merged) buffers open: 1 core, 17 irc queries, 23 irc servers, 76 irc channels
  wowaname  whaaa
76? but i'm on freenode
that good or bad?
what
of what you said there.
  wowaname  oy
What?
  wowaname  nvm
  +libbies  lol
voiced people on the axx list? or are people manually voiced
an access list
do you ask?
i was just wondering whether i should bother asking for voice
h
  wowaname  h
Do you come here often? I haven't seen your nick before.
been on freenode much longer
Have a look at our rules. You can only get voice here if you're not a man and only after people get to know you a bit.
equal
we talk about this
assure you i'm not a man
seems unfair
think rule #4 covers that.
asked neither of those questions
have a fair understanding of feminism and i said nothing about the sexes being completely equal
in many countries they are obviously not
overcorrection seems silly
to me a rule i'm actually breaking, because right now i'm being careful as possible to not upset anyone
need to feel offended
more confused than offended
operators do /not/ need to cite rules in order to take administrative action. We have quite a bit of discretion, actually.
especially when you're new 'round these parts
by "these parts" you mean "accepting" channels on freenode, then i'm pretty well rehearsed on how they operate
say something the ops disagree with and they get mad
idling bannable?
yes Euryale you're partially right
but presumably disruptive behaviour is
have to get used to this channel in specific
is the concept of an environment that is acceptable to the regulars. it is reasonable to lose people who don't contribute well to that.
i'm gonna ask a few stupid questions so i can understand
may have missed the person joining since my client hides join messages
likely
  wowaname  ah
  wowaname  ok
that connect and are instantly kicked are most likely been autobanned in the past
need to worry about them
  wowaname  otcha
  wowaname  gotcha*
beans?
raylankester was banned ages ago but apparently he never got the memo.
get the feeling it's on his autojoin or something
  +libbies  their**
they never took it off
everytime their client starts up they try to join
get autokicked
  +Euryale  pmuch
Not actually sure about fair-trade beans!
the only places here that do it are places like Starbucks, so I'm a bit dubious of the certification.
Italian wikipedia offers more than one definition of Feminism, since it's a broad topic, and english wikipedia's definition is pretty restrictive
convinzione che il sesso biologico non dovrebbe essere un fattore predeterminante che modella l'identit? sociale o i diritti sociopolitici o economici della persona
one of my favorites
uh
conviction that biological sex does not have to be a predetermining factor which creates the social identities or the socio-political or economic rights of a person
did you really call feminism "overcorrection" :|
identity*
can't say I'm a fan of any definition that says "biological sex" like it's a big important thing, even if it does try to refute its importance in this case (as it's still accepting of the concept itself, if not its value)
yes put words i did not say into my mouth
said that people overcorrect
feminism
itself (by the definition i gave) is a sane idea
people exploit the definition to benefit themselves
it's saying that biological sex doesn't define identity
but such a definition accepts biological sex as a sacrosanct concept, even if it asserts that its implications are different than what is normally accepted
can see where the issue in that wording might be, but
least that's my reading of it, but i'm extremely touchy when it comes to "biological sex'
that's probably the issue
might be a case of a language barrier in which case the fault is probably mine for not translating it well enough
I think that's a very rudimentary thing wrt feminism, nitpicking aside
in it's kind of a "no duh, now what do we do about it"
I know it's a sore spot, especially with the rise of terf activism
D:
can we stop pretending that 'biological sex' is a meaningful concept?
isn't especially meaningful either
gender /is/ meaningful
the contrary, gender is much more impactful
you make it meaningful and impactful
I'm sorry I opened that can of worms
society does
not doing it
sex is a social construct
would have no fit if i were to give up gender
god are you all trolling right now
nah like terf shit aside, I just don't think asserting that women aren't inherently second class is a good enough definition of feminism
have fun with your privilege, I guess?
we're not trolling
it's not like a plan of action: feminism is about DOING something about the fact that women are treated as 2nd class, not just realizing that they shouldn't be
privilege
  ottanta ?
having two different conversations here
Cisgender privilege.
whois me please
wait, hang on
"I would have no fit if I were to give up gender" <--- that
i in ##cis?
can't say that and not be cis?
it just feels weird for someone who's transgender to say that  gender (or the lack thereof) isn't meaningful
a pretty cis thing to say, TBQH :1
  +Euryale  yeah...
wowaname> am i in ##cis? <-- Is that how we determine who's cis these days?
whether or not you're cis I don't think an individual assertion that you wouldn't lose anything if you gave up gender says anything about the power of gender in society
matters not because it matters to individuals, necessarily, not like they were clinging to it personally (though some are)
is given power by society, as a way people relate to eachother
not so easy to dismantle it (whether or or not dismantling it would be a good thing is a different issue)
if gender was absent, then i wouldn't have to be in a position of dysphoria
could be whatever the hell i wanted and be fine
we've been round and round about whether gender abolotion would benefit trans people or not in here, it's an interesting subject
doesn't that imply that gender is meaningful?
people tend to flip out
because of terf associations with gender abolition probs
pretty different ways to interpret "fit" in wowaname's statement ~30 lines back
terms of causing or relieving dysphoria?)
in a giant grey area with my beliefs
try to consider everything without jumping to an extreme
gender seems outdated
sex? that's useful again in medical situations
an incorrect dosage of something could be lethal
  wowaname  now
doesn't care about your fucking chromosomes lol
that does factor in a lot of things other than sex
sex is supplemental to diagnosis
what about genetic disorders?
disease hopping on the Y isn't gonna affect half the population, is it?
it does matter
doesnt ride genes, what the fuck?
dont work that way lol
!= viruses
bacteria
it doesnt really
like you're misinterpreting my intent
saying it's a trigger word that's worth avoiding if you want your words to best reflect your intent
focuses on women because its women that are getting shafted
not the men
can either pull up rape news articles all day and bitch at inequality, or we can see that the issue of rape is not limited to one side
all genders can be equal
focuses on women's equality to men
  void|work ಠ_ಠ
need to stop the ones from being shafted
  +Kaiserina  also
affects women a lot more than men

black people commit crime more than white people
  +epi  ...
out
  void|work uhh
you know what
up
was gonna keep making my argument
that's a bit beyond the point of acceptability
i realized its not worth it
do not like the cut of their jib.
guess italian necessitates the specification of context when stating 'sex'
  wowaname  wait
  wowaname  hm
chagned ips?!
  charlie hi
charlie
nick GorillaWarfare :)
  +GorillaWarfare Thanks
that's weird
  +libbies  oh.
is libbies
was wondering if they changed IPs but it doesn't look like they did
that was weird
resolves to 151.80.132.237
like they came in with their DNS
i guess the ban by IP didn't work since it wasn't doing that kind of name resolution
I used to use BNCs, different BNC services allow you to turn on different hostmasks
all resolve to the same ip
it's also their domain
  +libbies  hm
suppose.
my curiosity is resolved.
didn't change IP
seemed off about their manner from the moment they started talking.
nice to wowa
why
just wants to chat
do a lot of people; that doesn't mean everyone is welcome here.
  charlie indeed
she could try chatting without being racist or otherwise terrible
racist and apologist shit is not welcome
  upholderof  supsupsup
upholderof
good in your area?
being outside", currently :P
  charlie same
to wander around the city earlier and now I feel a bit windburnt
it was cold here, but now it's warm and muggy again :<
I prefer cold to warm and muggy
still too hot and moist here in Brisbane.
warm is warm?
of 38C tomorrow here.
could live in +20 forever
that's hot as shit
my god
20 right now, but fuck that
is way above the GorillaWarfare melting point
want it to be no more than 10 in the winter... ever.
had -40 and someone asked C or F lol
winter it gets down to about 15C here.
is... uhh
hovering around 0 or less, with snow.
/converts
take 35C over 0C
20C during winter days.
  +LadyCailin yuck
here right now
am BLASTING lilb's halloween album
are many reasons I want to move to Norway. The lack of heat in the winter is one of them.
voidkom
even cooler up north
we dont get under 28c at night
  +GorillaWarfare Ahhhh
warm
CrazyEttin
  CrazyEttin  greetings
brings you here?
fact that Quassel autoconnects to IRC when i un-hibernate my computer. :D
CrazyEttin!
I thought you were new :P Apparently my memory for nicks is not as good as I thought
  CrazyEttin  :D
worries.
I had the same thought!
i have been fairly quiet here. :D
of the conversations i'd have liked to participate in thus far have been on misandry mondays, and since i'm not voiced yet, i haven't been able to.
had voice at one point!
  +GorillaWarfare Aghhh
he was talking to my roommate about this girl he's friends with, who's I guess newly single?
what I'm hearing is women tend to figure out he's toxic after two years
  ottanta cool
cool)
be fair that's about when he and I split ways :P
what bosses say about employees, come to think of it
  +Kaiserina  ...wow
:|
  +Dirigible  uhhhhh
playing into the social norm of women as a commodity and not as individuals
the subtext that women around him all leave him should be something he realizes, and not that they're to be used
would only compound his issues
society kinda wispers in his ear that that's the way he should act, so
bet they don't contribute much to a relationship.
they're all about "extracting value".
  +Dirigible  lirl
LOVE WHEN THAT HAPPENS
  void|work hahaha
that sounds weirdly like that wowaname person who was here earlier
  +GorillaWarfare Yep
reminded of an antifeminism i got into an argument with recently.
guy was wearing a fedora. Seriously.
stereotype. Wow.
  CrazyEttin  *antifeminist
saw a real fedora at a Lindsey Stirling gig I went to recently.
differentiates real fedoras from fake ones?
don't normally see people wearing them.
the ones approved by the Great Fedora Council (tm) are real!
crowd at the gig looked like her YouTube fanbase just turned up.
  +GorillaWarfare Oh
thought there was some sort of real fedora vs. knockoff fedora situation haha
are a hypocrite, not feminism
thought maybe he was saying "real fedora" in the same way people say "you're being a real jackass right now"
are not feminism GorillaWarfare
:(
the whole, the crowd looked like it was the first gig they'd ever been to.
odd, compared to most gigs.
yeah
are you, agnosticnixie
of you are feminism
was odd given that I live in a college town
yeah?
YEAH?
Is that nick unclaimed?
;o;
  +GorillaWarfare :(
feminist
would be amazing
time someone came in asking for the feminist opinion, we'd be all set
  +feminism actually
one IS mine
enough!
i could remember context
wonder if it was to do with AngryProle.
who is the one true scotsman
sleepy hollow is ridic
didn't ask nicole beharie, the black lady LEAD, to do DVD commentary
like the actual lead of the show..
 but there's that bad smelling dude from the revolution there
white guy, you mean
Shannon sup Dddudeman
really hope hillary wins :\
sdksarah
I hope she doesn't win. She's a war-hawk.
are now required to perform a test that doesn't actually exist.
have some of that bullshit in the bible belt area of Ontario
quite that level though
that gif scared me
  sdksarah  h
I pronounce .gif as JIF, because the "choosy moms" commercial empowers us
say jif too
  +LadyCailin arg
are both so wrong
Wilhite, who is accepting a lifetime achievement award at The Webby Awards, told the NY Times how annoyed he was at the debate over the pronunciation of GIF: “The Oxford English Dictionary accepts both pronunciations. They are wrong. It is a soft 'G,' pronounced 'jif.
  upholderof  lol
say Gee eye eff
that's not how language works
  +Euryale  oh...
I pronounce it as 'that shitty, blinky format'
  +GorillaWarfare Omg
cute! It's squeaking too!
think i pinged out???
someone ddosing me?????
  upholderof  dux
on
hold on we're going home
home!)
wonder if Steve Wilhite would also pronounce it "Japhics Interchange Format"
  upholderof  lol
the A in NATO pronounced like the A leading American?
  +LadyCailin Neigh-toe
merican not eigh merican, so there's some violations to the rule of thumb of "just copy it from the way it happens in the words"
also: individuals can't dictate the way a word is pronounced
they made the word?
that logic, we pronounce everything wrong
he make the word idk I just copypastequoted random garbage
it's pronounced 'alpha' ;)
He made the codec and the word but nobody picked up on the word the way he worded it
and nato both suck anyway
  +LadyCailin lol
serve the same main purpose
to cause vulnerable minorities to have seizures?
broadly they serve the same purpose just not specifically like that
  upholderof  cool!
also the extras at the end)
all
  +GorillaWarfare Hello
sdksarah!
is your connecting ok?
  sdksarah  uggh
you in the States? what's the feminist scene like in your area?
  upholderof  rofl
  +Euryale  lirl
  +Dirigible  :D
  +pandorastar  :(
the sad face?
that feel when revisiting someone you held in high regard and realising they're pretty mediocre
oh...
happened?
I'm just talking to someone I used to be close to and realizing they're no longer that great.
better than thinking they're amazing when they aren't.
people don't change for the better.
know a lot of people from my college days who are still the same.
used to think he was amazing. I've grown more radical and it makes his faults more visible.
well~
and upwards!
be worse, could be worse.
just the misandry talking, Dirigible
yeah
find myself getting frustrated at moderates a /lot/ these days
  +Dirigible  Hm?
too
really irks me when people I know let something like "that's gay" slip out.
don't tolerate that where I have the power not to.
I would just leave
shun that person
main coworker is shitty/annoying like that and I get on him any time he starts.
heard "That's r******d" a /lot/
it just makes me want to hit things
manager, however, I can't really get on that much, or in that way.
should, though. I'd like to see a manager defend their use of "gay" in such a way.
though it's in a capitalist way, I still like working in a pro queer workplace
don't mean like gay people, I just mean stupid"
what they always say
  +Dirigible  yep
that scenario gay=disabled=bad
don't think of myself as a person that does violence toward queers, so you should entirely disregard any violence toward queers I perpetuate"
that's their DEFENSE of their language
  upholderof  lol
EXACTLY
anyone have any suggestions on where to find a /high quality/ bra in the 40-42DD range?
heard good things about ewa michalak, herroom, and bratabase.
spectre of ill fitting bras appears
be careful! You'll summon...something, I guess. I don't know what Ewa Michalak is.
bras?
there's a mental picture
tits and a /huge/ chest :1
have a harder than hell time finding bras that fit
just picturing them falling from the sky
don't know any of those places!
Died 2015, crushed by boob.
you wanted recs, right :P
this just reminded me of
Euryale I want to say one of my friends uses figleaves.com
believe they carry sizes in that range
I think their quality is generally good
  +Euryale  :1
current bra is from Victoria's Secret which I /hate/ for many reasons but OH MY GOD THE QUALITY
not a fan of VS's stuff anymore.
/don't/ think they carry 40 or 42" bands though :1
  +Euryale  oh?
older stuff is good though
think it depends on /which/ bra you buy
yeah.
wore wacoal but I dont wear them often though.
also don't really have my size either.
have it, but it's kinda rare.
walking into their store I feel very uncomfortable
dont wear bra at home.
find it very objectifying :1
  +LadyCailin Yeah
all stores are kinda like that, so...
like they're marketing to the husband/boyfriend more than the person actually wearing the goddamn bra
but they take it to the extreme
bust.
  +pandorastar  😒
it doesn't help that it's always pink/black with high-contrast lighting which just screws with my sensory issues
bust?
for men to see.
like pink/black :D
makes me disoriented
probably /meant/ to do that)
helps sell things)
like white, light pink, navy blue and black. I hate red though.
Depending on the bra it can be /very/ good
I've found their quality to be pretty all over the map
things they make? not so great
panties are crap
  +Euryale  yes
yoga pants are A+ though
give them that
is trying to.
are crap, some of their 'sexy' bras are crap
their 'comfortable' bras are excellent
My problem with VS is I have to sift through a bunch that don't have tons of padding—some of them feel more like prosthetics
agreed, the "t-shirt" ones or whatever are nice :)
hate padded bras. 😒 it's hard to find unpadded ones here.
also had good luck with Gap bras generally
have two favorite bras. One is padded, the other is not
'padded'?
am living in tropical climate, padded ones are really uncomfortable to me.
yes
I bought a smaller cup size and took out those pads.
  +pandorastar  yes.
you can't take out
I don't like those pads!
actually I'm in between on them
is removable.
don't like them for a /day to day bra/
but if I'm going on a date and want my partner to stare at my tits all night it's nice to have a bit of lift >.>
yeah... I like it when the bra is similar to the top but without the little pad
think it's nice. But then again, my tits are small enough that even with that bra I don't have much in the way of cleavage.
I would really like one of those bras that is just like a tee shirt or something
fuck you, you can /deal/ with my nipples!
  +LadyCailin lol
wear simple cotton bras that don't fit me /super/ well because I have tits that are big enough to be noticeable and require something supporting them, but not big enough to really need much of anything.
things I want from my bra: 1) I want to prevent rubbing of my nipples because mine are sensitive and holy shit I've buckled over in pain from braless days before
I want a bit of support 'cuz I present /very/ butch and having very visible breasts helps me masculinize my presentation while still feeling confident/in control of my gender.
been thinking about something for a while and googled but can't get any clear answer, perhaps you can help me
nevermind
have both laced bras and cotton ones.
laces. ☺️
you consider yourself to be of the gender female, no?
interesting way of asking that question.
  +DrYucatan  :I
I'm non-gender-binary
maybe?
nonbinary people <3
good
  +GorillaWarfare Good..?
i'm just confused, i think i'm non-binary, but i'm simply not familiar enough with definitions, even after lots of googling, to "know"... but i guess it doesn't matter what words we put on things. i know who i am at least
It's okay to be questioning :>
free to ask me stupid questions ;)
if i were to consider myself to be of the female gender, what would that mean? does it mean i acknowledge the pre-established norms in society that defines what a female is?
necessarily
I'll be right back. gotta take out the trash.
I'll answer questions :>
that's a really deep question.
lol, yeah
okay, back
ahead and ask me anything
you would like, you can PM me, too)
shit enrages me.
shit :1
evil
  +Euryale  ...
the fuck
got on Victoria's Secret website
out they have quite a few 40DD bras
maybe I'd fit!
why is EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM a push-up bra?!
the fuck?!
PART OF 'DD' don't you understand?!
are already huge, I don't need any more fucking padding!
fucking christ :1
one? yeesh
you worn a 40DD VS bra before?
find VS vanity sizes pretty severely, so if you haven't tried one on in the size you're buying, it can be iffy
you saying the 40DD's cups will be too small and the band will be too big?
Dekkers make decent large bras.
I've generally found the bands are relatively accurate, but the cup sizes can be very off
in the smaller-than-they're-supposed-to-be direction)
which case I'm definitely a DD >.>
even an F if they run a full cup size small
doesn't help that I have very specific requirements for a bra, either
of back problems I require a racer-back
because I overheat a lot I want either a low-coverage bra or a /thin/ bra
yeah
out cleavage is an important radiator ;)
airflow facilitates cooling...
  +GorillaWarfare hahha
should invent a bra with a built-in fan
could make it big
I said that as a joke but...
  +GorillaWarfare :P
more I think about it the more awesome it would be
cooling technology for boobs~~~
have I walked in on :O
  +GorillaWarfare Hahah
cooling technology for boobs sounds AWESOME
<+GorillaWarfare> hahha
<+GorillaWarfare> You should invent a bra with a built-in fan
  +Keilana  omgyespls
are so….heat-retentive
I think this is part of their design. I keep reading their ads in the magazines boasting about how hot their bras are...
  +Keilana  hahahahahahahahahahahahahah
  +Keilana  lirl
much insulation, it’s our hottest bra yet!!!*~
  +Euryale  YES!
explains everything!
wonder they add so much padding!
  +Keilana  hah
how they determine hotness
have random ppl wear them and rate their boob sweat
they hand the bra back dripping it’s the “hottest bra of the season"
  +Keilana  !!!
BLAST
IF
PUT THE COOLING FLOW THINGIES THEY HAVE IN SPACESUITS
IN BRAS
would buy this bra!
too!
  +Euryale  :>
weigh like
or 20kg
fans!
one of those lil things
bungee cords and binder clips and I'm sure you could make it work :P
was thinking more like those box fans they use in computers
  +GorillaWarfare Hehe
my gosh!
live /right next door/ to a 'plus-size' lingere shop!
wouldn't fuck you in a million years" "Damn right you wouldn't"
kindergarten now gets parts for the kids to build first electric circuits :)
very cute!
what they will also get next week ;)
Oh wow... that's really cool!
it's so silent here today :c
because you haven't started a discussion ;)
let's start a discussion then
do not open that link.
is a youtube version, sfw.
was refering to the text, not the pictures ...
she's angry about a particular point, but that doesn't mean she might not have some point
would suggest /not/ linking to porn sites here.
pointed to another source then.
ones as brutal and sexist and terrible as efukt.
my
is something
mean
don;t know the page but scrolling down just a bit made me scroll up instantly again
words moved me
is the video on youtube html5 - flash is gone here for good ;)
tachikoma: good riddance
a win-win-win-win stuation ;)
a win32-win64-linux32-linux64 one
something like taht
really sad :( there's opportunity to have a discussion here and all you guys do is comment on off-topic things, like obviously harmful things on porn sites or html-flash, but not on the actual content :(
nothing?
be back later then
first need to watch that but the text above the clip on the first page kind of made me simply close it and not taking it serous
  tachikoma serious
what do you think of these statements anyway?
that actual rape is more significant than implied rape and that the author of the video suggests some hipocrisy of feminists, which makes me curious.
wish there was a transcript. I find it difficult to watch people sit at a camera and talk at it. Makes me somewhat uncomfortable.
the window sounds like a solution.
yeah, I agree; in general I don't like talking heads
can skim text 10x faster than video
watched it now but would have to watch it again in order to understand what exactly this is about.
"rape culture”” — the fact that people want to debate the existence of rape culture does not alter its existence. >.>
reading the comments, the gist seems to be "getting harassed online isn't as big of an issue as things actual sex workers face in real life." Which...I understand the sentiment behind, but rape culture is real and impacts people both in person and online.
i need to work a bit now before heading home, so ...
:(
was the last time a man in an industry received massive amounts of death threats and rape threats and had to leave his home because he feared for his safety, /simply/ because he was a person of a certain gender in a certain field?
I doubt there were many cases; for that you'd need to have women-dominated, internet-facing industry
from what I understand - there were no feminists shouting about rape of a porn star, actual woman, actual rape, but there are plenty shouting about tweets
can't think of any
silence"
death threats happen only via Internet
was shocked, she moved me
I am kinda sad you haven't got similar reaction, but I guess that's okay
not sure i understood her, sorry, not a native speaker here
My emotional reaction is mine to have. No need to be upset over what I am or am not feeling, dlnx``.
said I guess that's okay and I know it's my problem, not yours
still, no comment on actual content…
used to be involved in decent discussions here
I'm watching the video right now.
victims". "Personal profit." "Claiming victimhood." Okay, let me shut that down right now. People have the right to feel safe, on the Internet, wherever. Internet comments/emails/etc can be just as damaging and hurtful as words spoken in person.
being dismissive of victims is not really a great way to draw people’s attention to an issue.
a question with regards to the earlier discussion, but what is implied rape?
many, the Internet acts as a refuge from the torments of the physical world, especially the huge amounts of misogyny women face constantly. To not be able to feel safe on your computer, to feel attacked for your gender and receieve threats of assault...that's unacceptable.
  upholderof  wtf
anyone who tries and defend trolls by saying that they're not serious, that it's a joke, that they shouldn't be taken seriously...absolute bullshit. Women are subjected to a whole lot of physical violence and expecting us to /not/ take it seriously when someone /makes a claim that they are going to commit an act of violence/....ridiculous.
are degrees in hell, as the saying goes.
that saying mean "just because something is bad in a different way than another, 'worse' thing, doesn't mean it isn't bad?"
a lot of these just mra talking points?
which points?
wouldnt take a threat from someone living in for instance in the middle of nowhere in australia saying he/she would come stab me in the eye for talking down on their favorite band as opposed to someone emailing me pictures of my door.
gamergate points
:D
points specifically, upholderof? I'd request that you be very specific because I am not good with subtlety or inductive reasoning.
Arab_Aspie
video contains a lot of mra talking points, or things that seem like them.
understandable, but when /thousands of people/ are perpetuating the same exact kind of hate and violence that makes /women feel unsafe to be in online spaces/...
upholderof. Yes. I do sort of agree with you there.
you talking about gamergate in particular or in general?
  upholderof  Both.
there is a difference about being a public person online versus semi-anonymity
just can;t understand why someone gets so upset about some people experiencing 'lesser' crimes than someone else. But maybe i misunderstand that
from her perspective
liberal feminists will throw sex workers under the bus at every turn
ffs
suffering is not 'as bad' as my suffering ergo you shouldn't complain or care, people have it worse than you." I do think it's good to recognize privilege but suffering is important, regardless of how 'bad' it is. Given that such a thing can be very subjective.
its the same here as in within every other swedish feminist forum or group i visited.
season on liberals.
carrera is saying that anita sarkeesian's project is socially damaging and damaging for women.
are not free from criticism, zphinx.
but in swedish feminist circles theres almost exclusively hostility towards liberal feminists.
right, but in the meantime… the woman was raped and feminists who go mad about tweets done… "radio silence" nothing
the contradiction between like, internal and exteral criticism. This video aimed at the general public is "calling out" rather than "calling in" and it seems that the mRAs love this
  upholderof  yeah
about that point?
  dlnx``  :(
suffering is always bad, no matter how much. But when one victim gets angry beacuse another victim is perceived by the first as lesser victim than that just does not make sense to me. Like why the fuck don;t you go after the cause of the suffering instead of starting to fight each other. This really looks statged to me, sorry.
  +DrYucatan  Staged?
what way?
mean this video, I really would not be surprised if men were behind it
  dlnx``  why?
Anita Sarkeesian an example of a typical feminist?
in what way?
how?
“hostility towards liberal feminists” — why do you think that is?
history? Or feminists currently living in USA?
opposing political views?
Well, I like gaming, and she makes some strange claims about video games that I have played.
then what’s the problem with that?
just feels to me that Way dlnx`` I totally could be wrong, yes.
sort of strange claims, ihatehex?
if by typical you mean “all feminists agree with her in every way”, then of course not. but her views aren’t unusual.
strangest thing I saw her talk about was Hitman, and how it actively wanted you to abuse women. I really don't see that.
because it takes the form of bullying and majority rule'
are not bullied. Sorry.
only game I know that genuinely could be called a horrible, sexist videogame that encourages abuse of people, would be Postal 2.
with political positions = bullying?
so you disagree, ok. not everyone is required to agree on everything.
Really now? That holds water everywhere in the world?
  upholderof  yes.
sweden?
you don;t play a lot of games, right? ;)
uh no
It's not a matter of agreeing or disagreeing, it's objectively not true that women are specific targets for abuse in the Hitman series.
no feminist circle are liberal feminists bullied.
just ban ihatehex lol
but we’re not talking about everywhere in the world — i thought we were talking about sweden.
there’s no such thing as objectivity, sorry.
the swedish definition of liberal means right wing
i have to leave, have fun
what are the specific viewpoints of the Swedish liberal feminists?
we've got gamergaters
everywhere are right-wing.
not any kind of gamergater, I barely know what that was about. I've just seen her video about the Hitman game.
reason why no one likes right wing / liberal feminists is because they are objectively shitty
  zphinx  sigh
  zphinx  bullies
is disagreement bullying?
go back to passively watching the conversation
│ the reason why no one likes right wing / liberal feminists is because they are objectively shitty
I know that feel
if you feel uncomfortable because most people are to the left of you I'm really glad.
thought I was just told objectivity isn't a thing. :P
im sure marx would be proud.
yeah, i said that, but i can’t claim that it’s the objective truth so maybe upholderof disagrees. ;)
I like science, so I recognize that observations are objective. You can trace patterns and determine the degree of influence something can have on player behaviour, et cetera... I don't have any interest in being banned however, and it seems like discussing this will get me banned.
aren’t objective. sorry.
don't think "sorry" is an argument, but you probably know better than I do.
is sometimes referred as the end result ie someone can be subjectively feminist in that they intellectually prefer feminism but objectively antifeminist in that their actions and political work are antifeminist
didn’t say it was an argument.
is by definition subjective lol
you believe in What The Bleep Do We Know?
doc
again.
my nan loves that film
a spiritual connection between quantum physics and consciousness” …oh.
  +DrYucatan  ?
actually a recruitment film for a cult, ramtha school of enlightenment, but the movie went viral and the cult didnt
the other hand richard dawkins hated it so it can’t be all bad.
movie?
The Bleep Do We Know?”
the bleep do we know
a clock running backwards yelling into the void is right four times a day :)
  dlnx``  oh
AbigailBuccaneer said it more poetically than I.
got cancer while watching this quasi-scientific movie :(
me guess, due to the "dear muslimah" letter?
dawkins' own science is only 10% better than WTBDWK
it’s difficult to single out only one incident in which richard dawkins was a terrible person.
Dawkins continues to be terrible about a lot of things.
dawkins always been terrible tbh
borderline eugenicist
think he's right on the money with regards to religon.
I would suggest not using that tired, awful "X gave me cancer" trope/meme. Joking about disability/serious illness isn't great.
  dlnx``  oh
  dlnx``  right
:(
what, his suggestion that every religious person ever is a deluded fool?
militant anti-theism and sense of superiority in his own intelligence?
willfully ignorant on the subject of religion, so, again, even if he’s right about it it’s only by accident.
suggestion that mainstream science doesn't agree with him on gradualism because mainstream biologists aren't smart.
it's just that my ill friend and I joke about this a lot, we got comfortable with it, but I get the idea, won't do that again here, sorry
  dlnx``  :)
he dodges peer review and tries to win public opinion
is that the conclusion that comes from assuming that religion is false?
conclusion comes from rejecting the scientific conclusions of physchology and making your own, without evidence.
the conclusion he seems to have personally drawn.
the doc said
religious people are all just blind idiots. He's completely ignoring, even trampling, on the idea of cultural, heritage, tradition, customs...of the comfort religion can give people.
is false” entirely misses the point, tbh.
am an agnostic atheist and I recognize the power in calling out religious domination and normativity - especially patriarchical Christianity, but I will never take away someone's right to spirituality, or shame them for it.
  kirjatoukka ^
religion isn't a proposition that can be true or false. Certain claims made in relation to a religion can be false, but "religion" can't be false any more than "table" or "ballet" can be false.
if assuming that beliveing in a certain set of dogmatic teaching that lacks any sort of proof what so ever is deluded, i can see how you can make that assumption, but only within that particular area.
also atheist but I respect some christian people like John Paul II
religions makes a lot of assumptions that is either true or false.
his conviction, regardless of all the evidence, that Islamophobia isn’t real and that you can be sexist against men.
assumption is false. That's not what deluded means.
being born 2000 years ago through virgin birth is either true or false.
didn't understand what I said.
no.
splitting the moon is either true or false.
said certain claims made in relation to religion can be false.
said that.
up.
flying on winged horse is either true or false too, I am with zphinx on this one
sure. Why does it matter if they're "wrong" about certain events, if they're not impacting your life?
said certain claims made in relation to religion can be false.
  zphinx  Right.
literally only relevant in the context of their faith.
know that 'religion' exists, but we also know that for most important factual claims about the universe in the holy books for all religions are false. This is not really a debate. Christians will say this about all other holy books but their own, as does every other religion. In that sense I think you can say that 'religion is false' because we have no religion currently available of which we are even unsure whether their truth claims abou
the universe have any merit. We're sure, of all of them, that they do not.
a look at Iraq atm.
good would it do anybody to prove that jesus wasn’t born through virgin birth?
northern ireland
the crusades
off, up the iRA
ballet can be falsiable, either it is, or it's not, you cant prove it, or disprove it
/do/ agree that pushing religion on other people and dominance aren't good. But...not all religious people are monsters who try and convert everyone else violently.
good grief, you are not going to argue that ireland was the fault of religion.
the same with holy books
+DrYucatan> I /do/ agree that pushing religion on other  people and dominance aren't good. But...not  all religious people are monsters who try  and convert everyone else violently.
eh, you sure you want to drag Karl Popper in this?
the most offensively ignorant analysis would argue that ireland was down to the religious differences.
all men are monsters :(
you irish upholderof ?
a revolutionary socialist.
you fight with them
  dlnx``  all
take that as a no.
there's no other way
you are coming from so far out of left field right now...
a fucking book you goofball
its called the RA locally, for future reference :P
one book about iraq or ireland
am I going to be banned?
to my knowledge, dlnx``. I don't have the power to do so. I mean, maybe, but I have no idea.
my gf went here and she can't understand why I read and write here
just think that the analogy you just made was...not really great.
we not have the “not all men” argument yet again, please?
is an mra !femops
I think there is good discussion
from time to time
find a debate forum bro
I AM NOT BRO
BOLLOCKS
check your privilige
what i said instead of skimming through my sentences.
just happened, through historical coincidence, to result in a situation with catholics on one side and protestants on the other.
agree that you an go on and on, you'd be false though.
the study of these sorts of things, disagrees with you.
as we all know, socialists love cultural relativism.
not really.
support proletarian struggle in every culture
like Fatah in palestine.
one there.
also support getting the english getting kicked out of everywhere
am english and i endorse this message.
China, Ireland, Libya..
  upholderof  lol!
  upholderof  !femops
upholderof I said "not all men" but there's no other way to fight them than attack as a whole, but I was pointing such methodology to religion, that's all, I am not mra, pf
turn your antifeminism into anti communism at least stay on topic
ok?
sure all those lgbt people getting killed due to religious prejudice and hate in countries like that is just collateral damage to building your socialist utopia right?
think USA's invasions and blockades and bombs and drones kill a whole lot of LGBT people
liberals and conservatives stand idly by letting it happen because it’s unprofitable to do anything about it.
of like when Che sent homosexuals to work camps.
against drone strikes?
don't use queer folks from halfway acorss the world as ammunition in your pro war arguments.
new
  +DrYucatan  !femops
welcome
really? why?
never seen drone strikes and feminism in the same sentence before
across the world"
much around the corner for me
in Israel?
I don’t think it’s all that unusual.
and yes i have a lot of friends in Tel Aviv.
I might've been not hanging in the right corner of the Internet and missed it
israeli arabs and jews
this channel is dominantly left wing anti imperialism
fair enough; I'm new here :(
used to live in Israel
these dawkinsite thatcherites are actually pretty uncommon and earn a ban pretty quickly
with regards to israel/palestine, there is a growing movement for peace there now.
it is secular, and on both sides.
i run a student movement that works on israel palestinian issues
finally; well, from what I heard common people are just tired of it and want peace
they should stop voting for people like bibi then.
a chapter of a much larger group
claims to speak for all jews, but he doesnt speak for me
makes people do stupid things
vote for hamas, or likud
you’re claiming that religion is the cause there too?
don't believe that
a convenient excuse
I doubt people care anymore
also have some friends who spent some time doing business in Tel Aviv, and they say those jews there are mostly secular anyway
a look at who is building the settlements
aint secular israeli jews.
is it your average american religious Jew
if it's really about religion, then there is only one viable solution for that conflict
becca :P
  +PrincessBecca  hey
of jews in tel aviv are secular
both groups to two opposite parts of the world
I have not seen you in a very long time.
used to live in Tel Aviv
of the best cities
they are pretty much quite fundamentalist and belive in greater israel as promised by good in the torah
DrYucatan
is my point
then nuke the Holy Ground until it's nothing than a glass crater
uninhabitable glass crater
not use nuclear weapons.
aviv is just like any other eurpopean city by the sea
all ever please.
if it's really about religion, they won't stop, ever
I'm not advocating killing anyone, of course
yeah, forced relocation, what could possibly go wrong.
funny how millions of people hold the opinion that "the holy land must be nuked", and every single one of them tends to state it as if it's extremely clever
  meowthhh  lol
making the Holy Ground uninhabitable by some means
that they stop fighting over it
that’s … not helpful.
let's hope then that the conflict is really not about religion
there's a chance for peace
I hope that
even if it was about religion, most religious conflicts are not helped by patronising dawkinsites.
but teaching and promoting reason and science would help.
you say so i guess.
its quite disheartening to see when socialists become bedfellows with extremists due to a common enemy.
the "imperialist west"
it is imperialist.
it’s quite disheartening to see when ‘liberals’ become bedfollows with racists due to a common enemy, i.e. religious/brown people.
thing, right? those backwards foreigners.)
brown people
black people, and yellow people, lets rely on 1920s race discourse.
What.
we in modern times know its not quite as simple.
define brown person then.
i was being ironic.
go and lecture the racists on this, instead.
mean, lots of people of colour do call themselves and their communities "brown".
the best of my knowledge, that is a thing.
obviously only persons to which it's applicable. I should have been more specific, libbies.
i know
as an european its quite annoying hearing the public discourse on race relations being about "white people this, black people that" when in actuality you are refering to african americans and angloeuropean descendants.
  +DrYucatan  Sorry.
take things literally.
the concept of
  +DrYucatan  Sorry.
are communities of what most people would consider "white" people who have suffered horribly due to their ethnicity.
scandinavian sami comes to mind.
know.
to western imperialism.
irish being another, except in that case we’re supposed to pretend it’s because of their religion, right?
irish isnt an ethnicity
that to racists.
blacks, no dogs, no irish”
with regards to their religion, have you read or studied the 30 year war?
really, it is, but the whole point is that it doesn’t matter whether something is ‘really’ a race/ethnicity, it just matters how it’s perceived.)
people and american jews (who faced similar problems) still benefited from white privilege
not hard to say "i'm not jewish"
your name
yes.
would never deny being jewish to anyone
my identity
was a time when you might have
Then you would assume that whole towns being raped, pillaged and put to the torch was down to western imperialism?
still is people who have to
dont have to tho
you do know that Britain and Ireland weren’t involved in the 30 Years War, right?
but most of the rest of europe was
the protestant side was spearheaded by sweden with a rather fantatical and strict interpretation of lutheranism
mind that the entire sociopolitical structure of 17th century europe is difficult to compare directly to modern capitalism.)
i'm reminded of something
  +libbies  tw/cw:suicide
'accused' of being a jew
the harassment seems to have resulted in his suicide
  kirjatoukka :/
know plenty of jews who are starting to feel very unsafe in sweden.
insane that that's something people would accuse people of in this day and age
been subject to antisemitism
not a fun thing lol
though the jewish population of sweden is tiny.
it aint exactly the far right wing groups or the chritians from where the hate is coming at the moment.
racism in general is pretty awful, so i can sympathize
it is
is why i can feel sympathy for other minorities
can't say i've been a victim of antisemitism to the extent other people have
jap?
i'm trans, so never got that one
not actually, you know, say racial slurs, zphinx. I mean, as little as fucking possible.
more of a socioecnomic one, but yeah, gotcha
  kirjatoukka …
  +DrYucatan  What.
  +libbies  what
fuck are you talking about.
know im not talking about the japanese right?
an acronym for "jewish american princess", not the slur you're thinking of
still a slur

I am aware of that term.
thought you were talking about the racist slur against Japanese people.
cause that wouldve made sense :)
part of a slur involves the fact of being jewish i would not necessarily argue that it wasn’t a racial slur. >.>
don't mock me for my ability to interpret information, zphinx.
curse me out then
wednesday be monday
every day be monday? :D
asked you not to say something problematic. I swore in the process of doing it. I wasn't directing the swear at you.
  zphinx  Alright.
we disregard the discussion about war and religion then.
are other matters, like homophobic hatespeech and similar witihin the big 3.
swedish preacher called homosexuals a cancer on the body of society a few years back in his congregation.
i support his right to make an ass of himself in public, this is the sort of rethoric and dogma that modern religion lends itself to.
the abrahamic ones.
right, some religious people are homophobes. quick, let’s align ourselves with racists in a futile attempt to solve this.
this is why I dislike liberals. Because the idea of supporting the right to oppressive speech is so biza....oh, bye bye.
  +DrYucatan  <3
i like about modern religion is how everyone can get together around a table and sing songs in languages they don't actually speak
I'm happy because my workplace honoured my sick pay, which I didn't actually expect them to do.
mony.
  +DrYucatan  *money
Religious suffering is, at one and the same time, the expression of real suffering and a protest against real suffering. Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions.
they are an inverted world. Religion is the general theory of this world, its encyclopaedic compendium, its logic in popular form, its spiritual point d’honneur, its enthusiasm, its moral sanction, its solemn complement, and its universal basis of consolation and justification.
that a quote?
me religion is when i sit down and bond with people i otherwise wouldn't like. and spirituality is when i make hummus
Karl Marx
have not read Marx.
need to.
what if you make hummus with those people?
stopped at some point, it's not an easy read imho
is a one-person job
find myself wondering if he’s less verbose in German.
i'm german and it's still hard to read
least it was for me, but i was younger, maybe i'll try once more
century academic language is always hard to read
got 'the capital in the 21 century' by thomas piketty last week, thats hopefully not that hard to digest on the bus/train
marx isn’t unusual in that sense.
swear that anyone who says they understand shakespear is lieing
shit needs to be translated
like their words. >.>
understand it's more based on numbers and statistics, so I have hope
i had to read original shakespear in school, i fully agree, you need way too much contextual knowledge to fully grasp it
actually find shakespeare easier than victorian academics.
easy, still.
think i never really read victorian academics
i would be astonished if that would be easier ;)
is arriving, have to get out, have a nice evening
imperialist nu-athiests can sometimes ironically be almost indistinguishable from 16th century theists
wanting to launch crusades and "civilize" people
no accident that religion is less common in the imperialist countries, and more common in the exploited countries. there's a material basis for religion. if they actually had a problem with religion that wasn't just being racist/imperialist they would fight against imperialism and fixing the "souless world" as marx pointed out
am generally unsatisfied with the way i see people use "religion" as a category in conversations like this
the time people use religion as a synonym for christianity
they use christianity as a barometer for how they define other religions
tease them away from culture, language, technology, economy, etc
is produced through alienation, where the prime subject of history is seen as some other force outside oneself and people themselves"
do you think of that?
talking about a very particular kind of religion
I think it's a pretty broad definition. what/how does it exclude?
everything other than that kind lol
of all, theism != religion
of all, believing in god(s) doesn't mean you have to see them as "the prime subject of history"
use the term "revealed-religion"
ah yeah, good point
<alyx_> it's no accident that religion is less common in the imperialist countries, and more common in the exploited countries. there's a material basis for religion. if they actually had a problem with religion that wasn't just being racist/imperialist they would fight against imperialism and fixing the "souless world" as marx pointed out
sista
there are some misunderstandings that come about
of words used differently
having totally different meanings
<+alyx_> these imperialist nu-athiests can sometimes ironically be almost indistinguishable from 16th century theists <= !!!
western fanaticism
most of the time if you know latin, those words are easy to figure out
am explicitly comparing new athiests to the equivalent of the catholics who participated in the crusades, religion is more complicated than the idea of fanaticism and the western cultural understandings of belief, fwiw)
think something a lot of people forget is that shakespeare’s audience wasn’t just the rich and educated. it’s become such a snobby thing to understand, but that really wasn’t the intention.
that is v. true
success was because he appealed to everyone
don't have to be rich and educated to learn a bit of latin.
so people put on productions that are trying to be as faithful as possible to the originals, but that’s in a way exactly what shouldn’t be done.
also true, but it tends to end up that way.
was homeless last month and i know a little latin.
i don't even like baz luhrman (or however you spell his name) but Romeo + Juliet was probably the best shakespearean adaptation i've seen
i came from an upper-middle-class family and my father more-or-less disowned me for being trans, so i'm kind of being deceptive there.
(film, a few years ago) was good too
i wanted to see that
romeo + juliet did a pretty good job of getting the balance right between using the original language and making it understandable.
+ juliet was almost word for word the original play (but all in modern english)
is like
true to the script than many very serious productions, but all very understandable because of the setting
that’s what i mean. contextual indications and so on.
only seen i remember bewildering people was 'i do not bite my thumb at you sir but i do bite my thumb' early on, but we watched it in english in year ten soo
im sorry to hear that
you doing okay at the moment?
does that mean?
staying with some people
might have a new job, i don't know yet
biting your thumb at someone is an old insult, particularly in italy
bite the knuckle, not the whole thumb
Mercurio or Benvolio being a smartass to one of the capulets i think
end up in a fight in the first scene of the play
is also used somewhat euphemistically because shakespeare's plays don't exactly tread the line between serious and rude
don’t they end up killing each other at some point?
  +epi  yeah
it's Sampson and Gregory of Capulet with the thumb biting
i think you'd be amazed what "the average person" is capable of learning given the opportunity and positive role models
Benvolio and Tybalt are the Montagues in the scene
Benvolio and Tybalt kill each other right?
think my fav thng about that scene is Capulet demanding his longsword, which is a bigass shotgun in the adaptation
i think so its been awhile
i'm glad to hear you have some things lined up
I haven’t read it since the 9th grade, epi
  +epi  heh
feel like it’s a v 9th grade pla
of sex, lots of bawdy jokes, and ridiculous ending
thanks
Keilana
  +epi  same
YOU BITE YOUR THUMB AT ME SIR
DO NOT BITE MY THUMB AT YOU, SIR, BUT I DO BITE MY THUMB, SIR
love the bit where he asks if it'd be fine for what's his face to kill him if he said yes tho, lol
huh, interesting
like info on how to change minds. it can be really hard

dislike facebook for the fact that it's given friends of mine comroadery for their ignorance
they end their thirst for knowledge to have discussions about such enlightened topics as 'why are black people so violent? you can't say it's because of poverty because poor people in other countries aren't as violent'
feel bad blocking people for that kind of thing, but, it's just so stupid
shouldn't feel bad about blocking people for that kind of rubbish, ottanta
remarkably shitty behavior :1
it's pretty shitty but I know this person and I have the distinct feeling that they're being like
to say stuff like this
If you don't make it clear to them that that shit is not acceptable, how are they supposed to learn to change?
blocking them doesn't make it clear imo
behaviors perpetuate because people /tolerate/ them in their friends
then maybe send them a message about /why/ you blocked them?
sending them messages to like
inbox
a good way of saying 'just asking questions is a fallacy'
than just saying that
would be not very nice about it :1
be like 'Literally everybody knows that when people 'just ask questions' they're not ACTUALLY just asking questions.'
but I forget the formal term for that
how about “you are a dick and you should feel bad"
  +Keilana  :P
  ottanta yeah
pretty easy though
the florida bathroom bill just passed out of committee. It will go to the full house next. My friend just texted me.
willing to put in about as much effort reflective of my degree of offense
gender identities
you florida, who's primary employer is primary school educators
  sdksarah  ayyyy
  +GorillaWarfare Hello
  sc0rnt  !femops
  +GorillaWarfare ??
  +yar  what

  udevd hello
udevd
  +yar  sup
Is there any reason why you summoned the operators?
like the rite of AsheKent
summoning the mods is worse than summoning death...
your everlasting soul to me and I shall grant you one wish >:3
wish is for infinite souls
this is where the trustfund middleclass revolutionaries hang out
  ottanta ...
  ottanta lol
  morganq lol
told us
edgy
I demand my trust fund, I feel totally jipped. I didn't know you all had trust funds, I want one too!
was in charge of handing them out that day must have been slacking off
me neither >:(
could buy a lot of polio vaccines for the money in a trust fund
everyone
your kids
bunch of rignt wingers brigaded in hear during my lunch hor
why did reddit go from a slashdot clone to a site with heavy neo-con influences
guess the comment section took over from the link sharing?
do you realize that "jipped" is a slur against romani people? please don't use it
I didn't know that.
apologize.
  +LadyCailin apologies*
  +GorillaWarfare Whoa
didn't know that either
yar
neither.
so super messed up how littered language is with slurs people dont even realise
  CrazyEttin  yeah
what are we learning in ##feminism today?? I like learning!
not as much of a problem in Finnish, the ones we have are pretty obvious and easy to discard, but English for a non-native speaker, even fluent one...
"jipped" is a slur against Romani people
yeah
question mitt romney, good question.
it talks about how AI might take most jobs away
would lead to mass unemployment
would force a socializm of some sort
you see the short film "Humans Need Not Apply"?
  +LadyCailin no
cgp grey
like him
was just talking about him!~
videos are incredibly informative
like the geography and history ones
all the weird borders and cities
aren't educating people though
if our experience with technology took an abrupt and sudden turn
AIs started doing theological work
AI pastors
AI
  +LadyCailin lol
like that!
world would be exactly the same
with robo pastors
  upholderof  yeah!
bet that theology would sadly improve at least in the short term
would know that it wasn't Satan but just a regular snake that tempted Eve etc
the satan stuff is odd in the first place
watching this video
future is scary as fuck
weird that that's scary though - I guess the other alternative is that we can still get the same amount of stuff done, but with less human effort?!
problem is that almost all societies are work based
like, if you don't work, you're fucked
of people do a lot of "good stuff" that just doesn't count as work in current society
so, who should pay them for that, if they even should be payed for that
current system of government supports that, to my knowledge
if simply retraining workers is all that's needed, fine, but we don't do that currently.
if you were having to retrain every few years
can do that
  +LadyCailin Jeez.
have done it
periodically
I know that's a fallacy NOT ALL WORKERS
seems to me that we need to make sure people can Get Food And Stuff whether or not they rent their labour for a wage.
see something like the Star Trek economy as something to aim for.
we fully automate farming I think that argument will be a lot easier to make
not sure we need to go quite to replicator technology
not 'fully'
people like farming, around here people like to go tree planting for at least one summer in their early 20s
here there's deeper socioeconomic rammifications of the automation of farming
field workers, since the braceros in WWII, are largely hispanic
tension
by tension I mean, there's already a lot of discrimination, so the symbolic jesture of predominantly white universities from the tech-mecca bay area creating robotic means of farm work
  upholderof  bros
  upholderof  yeah
  +Euryale  D:<
I was in the grocery store just now and some guy just like... freaking comes up to me and grabs my leg.
  upholderof  wtf!@
his hands all over my thigh
  +Euryale  yeah...
  +epi  ._.
year old slipped his leash ;)
was just like
patriarchy got to you young, didn't it?!"
  +epi  >.>
terrible, euryale
  +Euryale  :>
  bajin trollolololol
yeh yeh yeh
forget the working women~
look, it's you!
looks like a zombie in 1 comic
green
the next election is clinton v bush, will rage against the machine reform?
feel like it would be a great time for some of these nostalgia acts to tour
if they'll ever rejoin. de la rocha was tired of morello's bs
really?
cool that DLR was on RTJ2 and morello is with GZA
morello is a bit more...
protest, legitimised means of action kinda guy
and protests and unions
heard the opposite just the other day from someone
are gr8 but obv. not amazing
is the one who hangs out with zapatistas :p
DLR amazing
  +Dirigible  huh.
got shit on constantly 4 supporting sendero luminoso
heard zach was anarcho and tom was mlmish
the heck lol!
that's backwards almost
made no sense lol
just looked it up and u were right upholderof
sense considering how trot-unionist Tom's politics got after the band
in uk:
archaic
how they determine whether or not you're actually trans in Norway.
makes sense
  +libbies\zzz  D:
hope i don't need to prove to anyone in canada that i'm trans D:
loosened up but before and apparently it still goes on trans women have to be 'planning on being straight after their transition' If they are a lesbian trans woman they may not get HRT etc
  +Dirigible  WTF.
  +GorillaWarfare Whaaat
no matter what your birth certificate ,drivers licence, other ID says, if you go to jail you are likely going in the jail that is for what you were assigned at birth
i always lie to gatekeepers anyway :s
gotten better over the last 5 years but yeah
you coming to canad?!?!
currently in canada.
cool!
from nyc to montreal
figuring out if that was a good idea or not, lol.
considered canada as one of the non-us places to move
these things true in montreal?
I see! this is mostly based on dealing with a really conservative anti woman part of ontario and I suspect that it doesn't reflect everywhere
heard bad things about ontario, yup.
you been here? a/s Maison Norman Bethune
rue Frontenac, Montréal QC H2K 2Z1
no, but thanks, i'll check it out
comrades - they are likely aware of all the resources :)
i'm asleep now \o/
all
  +LadyCailin nini
can’t be a heterosexual one day and a lesbian the next day. Just as you can’t change your race," he whitemansplained during the hearing. <-- ftfy
  +LadyCailin wut
that for you
  +LadyCailin oh
that this is probably the case, but yay more bi erasure.
sure he'd say the same thing to a bi person.
lecture on racial identity politics. while trying to forcibly deport a woman back to africa.
more i look at that quote the more i think it's just intentionally overt white supremacy
quote?
as you can’t change your race"
Andrew Bird person is a real class act
he is also an expert on mental illness
doesn't believe that depressed people are able to perform LGBT activism: "if she is suicidal and depressed she is making a jolly good show of it"
ignoring the fact that she had already attempted suicide
could anyone direct me to any reading that would be useful? :)
monica86
to bother again, but which one can help me with marriage breakup?
what specifically are you looking for?
empowerment
was last employed in 2009
you looking for resources to help you get through a breakup? I'm not 100% sure I understand what you're looking for
friend recommended me
will help yes
marriage or robot marriage?
you guys australian?
  +GorillaWarfare Guys??
  monica86  yeah
you australian, monica86
yes
you looking for a job
i work in the navy at stirling
  void|work Uhh.
  monica86  :)
you were last employed in 2009 and work in the navy, do you pass the turing test?
not a bot
was recruited in 2006
  monica86  :P
who's your friend?
still not sure I understand what you're after, monica86.
going through a divorce, was just hoping for some advice
you have any specific questions?
some people have done the same, i'd be happy to hear their experiences
went through a breakup in 2013, but wasn't married.
well cool
think we have some divorcees here
kinda roaming areas that might have done it
where else
terms of what?
i got roosh v in my search results
that that guy who said women oppress him by expecting basic hygiene lol
going to have to be more specific
  +GorillaWarfare hehe
heart breaks for him
leona86
:)
goes?
good  :D
are you
pretty swell
beans
morning :)
  +GorillaWarfare Mooorning
  leona86 o/
brings you here, 86?
you're the same person as before
you ever find those resources?
  leona86 hello
world
you the grand inquisitor for the channel?
take my problems elsewhere
time, it feels like half their fanbase is made up of autistic trans women ;)
really? I always found MTG to be very dudey
I guess I wasn't that involved with it, nor haven't been for a long time
Yeah, it /is/ very dudey but there's a really, really hardcore cadre of trans women who play it for some goddamn reason
cool
be fair, I was back home when I played, and young
there is next to 0 diversity where I'm from, of any kind
I'm sure the MTG community there was hardly representitive of the greater one
think I'm just getting a skewed perspective
MTG and some other very 'dudely' hobbies can sometimes get /mainstream/ cliques where the typical woman who is active in the community is trans
is... weird
a super tiny minority and... yup
women who were part of the community before coming out and stayed with it after coming out
makes sense
I wouldn't be that interested in hanging around the crowd either
many of the guys look at you like meat
I think the accessibility of the space for trans women is also a lot to do with transmisogyny
creeps won't sexually harass women they know are trans
they /will/ ridicule us)
That's the best quote i've heard today. Can ipost it on facebook (I'd attribute it as something like "heard from IRC", of with your nick, whichever you prefer)?
sure :>
put it up on my tumblr :p
\0/
i was considering stealing it for my tumblr :P
  +Euryale  :>
made a new tumblr :>
mostly full of drawings I made
NSFW so... be warned)
actually feel some amount of... empowerment by being 'unfuckable' TBQH
very difficult to describe /why/
is it cool if i follow you?
:>
empty to me
does?
tumblr
that was a link to that specific post
lol
  +Euryale  ;)
am too fatigued to internet
/very/ cool name :p
thanks :D
how do you pronounce your nick
  +Euryale  yer-aye-ellie
sorta say it in my head like the eu in europe + ree + ale
i was wayyyy off
that's better
no, not an 'ale' in the end
an ellie'
  +epi  kk
was one of Medusa's big sisters ;)
rad!
wish i had snakes for hair :(((
kinda wish I chose Stheno instead of Euryale but I find the latter name to sound prettier
a yelly
yelling
  +Euryale  yes!
one of the factors
I /do/ yell a lot
dunno, does anyone else have gender trash pride here? :>
don't really feel like i fully understand the term "gender trash" but at the same time i deeply identify with it
too
trash"?
like something i could get behind
that wasn't supposed to sound dirty
way too tired to internet.
folks
yar
could it /not/ be dirty?!
  +OffensiveUser  halo
OffensiveUser
it, I can't sleep. Now it's 5am"
look, it's snowing, I should go outside and watch it."
there's a big branch out in my yard, I should move it."
why Cailin is up at 5am doing yardwork in the snow.
  +LadyCailin ._.
  +OffensiveUser  blugh
lost his laptop charger
that's my fault because
fork in socket, connector hair pins to laptop
warp drives
actualy do that.. really, don't.)
hatte gard ein 8h meeting das von anfang bis ende profuktiv war, das ist schoen
sorry wrong channel
  Nikiru  hello
someone ping me?
think the funniest thing would be if that was just the word "zetkin" written in a fancy font.
8th is also coincidentally the day I am going to my first ASAN meeting. I'm excited. Hopefully people there will not be problematic.
in other news, water is wet
i wasn't shocked either :-)
wonder what people will be like in a post-patriarchy world. If we'll keep dichotomous social roles that are determined by individual preference or if we won't have anything of that sort at all?
imagine people will relate to one another in a much more healthy way regardless
wow
really thought about post-toxic anything
sort of like thinking about what communism would be like tbh
really nebulous
couldn't we be born after the struggle was over ;_;
be wondering what it was like to live in patriarchy and how shit it was
if it's like thinking about what communism would be like
isnt a state of things zetkin
oh come on
could u appreciate it then
argue this not in this channel
appreciate patriarchy?
  eegor communism
in it?
  +zetkin sure
not like there wouldn't be suffering and pain in life
still have heartbreak and failures
could extrapolate that
happened to that police officer that pepper sprayed the row of college students?
too am curious about that.
anything happened to him, it was probably a paid suspension.
suspension/vacation
  +DrYucatan  Exactly.
fuck. In October 2013, a judge ruled that Lt. John Pike, the pepper sprayer, would be paid $38,000 in worker's compensation benefits, to compensate for his psychological pain and suffering. In addition, he would be able to retain his retirement credits for his years of service with UC.
got a bonus
pain and suffering?
  +DrYucatan  What?
even?
spraying people is gruelling work
  morganq ~
three dozen student protestors, meanwhile, were collectively awarded US$1 million by UC Davis in a settlement from a federal lawsuit, with each pepper-sprayed student receiving $30,000 individually.
attack doggy of the system getting reward for being an attack doggy of the system
a surprise
cops ran the risk of losing their pensions for fucking shit up, I think cops would be far less likely to do shit like this
it stands, cops fuck up, the tax payers pay for it.
News commentator Megyn Kelly appeared on political talk show The O'Reilly Factor saying of pepper spray "it’s like a derivative of real pepper. It’s a food product essentially."[88] In response, a petition was published on political website change.org to have Megyn Kelly eat or drink a full dose of pepper spray on national television.
  +LadyCailin lol
hate her so much.
  +DrYucatan  Ugh.
wonder how the average pepper spray measures in scovilles
  +Kaiserina  hmm
this was military grade pepper spray
isn't shit you can buy at the store
  +Kaiserina  right
assume its capsaicin, the most commonly used product in sprays
million scovilles
law-enforcement-grade pepper spray, values from 500 thousand up to 5 million SHU have been mentioned,[8]
is law enforcement sprays though, not military grade
way that is beyond the scoville threshold for toxic
that you have to go synthetic
look, not a food product.
sprays usually use synthetic products
derived from natural peppers at all
if you pick capsinoids which are the lowest scovilles of synthetics at 16k it still wouldn't be a food product at all :v
have you seen the full video of the pepper spray incident
  +LadyCailin no
  ottanta oh
  +LadyCailin Well
recently
may have
probably have
california law they were in a rout because the police had been surrounded by the protesters
long and short of it is that the officers repeatedly asked the protesters nicely to please move, then informed them that he was going to have to pepper spray them if they did not move, and asked them if they understood that, and those who responded said yes
officers were surrounded because they arrested a protester who had broken the law, and were going to move him into a police car, and the protesters wouldn't let them move the handcuffed individual
did he have to pepper spray them in the first place? They weren't hurting anyone.
is the purpose of protest.
california law explicitly states that a protest cannot block a walkway or a peace officer from carrying out the law
up
it right because it is the law?
its status as law make it correct?
had surrounded the officers
  +LadyCailin So?
would not disperse, they were preventing the officers from enforcing the law
the officers in danger?
the officers being threatened? Were the officers in any immediate danger?
could have just arrested them
it so important that racist, sexist, heteropatriarchical police be allowed to carry out the imperialist, fascist laws?
sure the protestors would have allowed that peaceably
couldn't because that's how they got into the situation
 The taking by means of a riot of any person from the lawful
of any peace officer is a lynching.
just what cops usually do
just fire a round into the air to scare peeps
that's what cops do
young man they arrested was trying to start a riot iirc
were carrying out their duty to insure public welfare
but he was already arrested
he wasn't
had him handcuffed
what I mean
imminent danger was gone
the protesters would not allow them to follow through with the arrest
they were chanting let him go
  +DrYucatan  ^
up I'll gather everything
don't actually remember everything, it's been almost 4 years
It was MK-9 pepper spray, specifically
lemme check that out
you mention that they were warned, as if being warned of injustice and refusing to comply with the system, somehow means the victims deserve the injustice for not backing down.
injustice
ottanta, you're so gung ho about enforcing the laws, how about the 2002 ruling that says that cops can't use pepper spray against seated protestors?
not gung ho about the law
blaming the people that got sprayed in the first place
were officers who could not carry out other duties
what if someone got shot on campus
totally different
imminent danger
to the internet
the injustice of inflicting pain on nonviolent protestors for no reason.
was no imminent danger here
is one
no hold up
the strongest pepper sprays in the market
near the 5million scoville mark
I mean is, they were preventing the officers from being able to respond to any other issue that could have arisen on campus tha tday
day*
of things "could have" happened
  ottanta ugh
every single officer being detained?
single officer who had the ability to respond to an emerging issue?
entire police force?
can become easily toxic...there are synthetic mix sauces with that ammount of scovilles that can kill your liver if you intake more than a few miligrams at a time
if that were the case, unless that were actually happening (which is wasn't) this was undue force.
I clearly don't care enough about this to be willing to undergo this type of conversation in this context
it's clearly getting boisterous
you're bringing in a bunch of what-ifs
your what ifs been true, that response may have been warranted
purpose of the campus police is to serve the student population, and a minority of the student population were impeding their ability to do os
the facts were as such they were on that day, and thus the response was far far more than necessary.
so they could arrest the people
yes pepper spray of that kind may have been a bit much, but what alternative did they have other than to stand there
them individually
the traditional method of dispersing crowds
definitely did not have enough handcuffs, and the protests in Davis were not as bad in terms of police response as the ones in Berkeley
shot into the air
ties
completely disagree with the warning shot principle especially in a populated area like Davis/Sacramento
dont agree with it either
that doesn't seem ideal either. Like, "we have come to the point where you will die if you're out of line."
have plenty of options
just what cops usually do :v
cuffs and paddywagons are a thing
this conversation is increasingly chaotic
seems fairly orderly to me.
your point here?
point is the officers in Davis showed a remarkable amount of restraint, especially symbolically, compared to the police forces only about an hour away
compared to the police response in oakland
so?
still don't get a cookie
shouldn't be admirable. Yes, it's /good/ that they didn't escalate things, but...we shouldn't be surprised when cops act like human beings.
should be standard.

ok, i punched you, but the other guy would have stabbed you, aren't I nice?"
  ottanta huh
England and the United States, the police were invented within the space of just a few decades—roughly from 1825 to 1855.
strikes in England,
riots in the Northern US,
and the threat of slave insurrections in the South.
did you watch the video I linked about the UC Davis incident
I agree with your sentiment, I just feel it's partially misguided
it's not, because I'm talking about that one incident
I think your feelings on the topic are perfectly legitimate and I at one time shared that exact point of view that it was a thuggish action
the cops in those videos have ziptie cuffs, you can see them
the ziptie cuffs on them, then haul them off, fine
think it would've been worse if they had started hitting the protesters in order to break up their arm-chains
whatever you call it when people link arms
also isn't necessary.
weren't attacking the cops
so how are they going to ziptie their hands behind their backs
automatron :C
get 2 or 3 cops per person and go down the line
you're giving a pretty big what-if
they used zip-ties
didn't even try anything else
that's a "there is another solution to the problem available that doesn't involve pepper-spraying people in the face."
a tangible alternative to the course of action that was originally taken.
"the cops should have done X instead of Y."
sure, but the police stayed there for a pretty long time enduring chants which bordered on 'kill the cops'
  +LadyCailin cool
And?
weren't in any real danger
you prevent a large number of the police from carrying out their duties you put other people at risk, who those officers are tasked with helping
not even arguing that
aren't tasked with helping
nuit pulled a "well actually"
cool, overreach of a neofascist patriarchial symbol of battle-clad officers using military grade nonlethal weaponry on unarmed yet tumultuous citizenry
down with that point of view
just think it was a shitty situation
the officer in question clearly was not enjoying it
is probably why he filed for compensation for psychological pain and suffering
geez. /me reads backscroll
don't enjoy when angry oppressed people call out the institution I serve for being massively corrupt and i get uncomfortable when people want me to be accountable for my actions."
me a river.
that was hostile.
sentiment stands.
team
protestors
worth mentioning
officers" lol
defending the cops. we don't want to hear it.
I will mention, it appears the 38k was because anonymous doxed him
tons of people sent him lots of mean stuff
hey, free speech, right?
may be an argument that that "suffering" is why he got the bonus, but it's definitely not because of his torment about having to pepper spray protestors.
stuff...
  +Kaiserina  like...
pizza hut pizzas ordered online
Internet group Anonymous responded by releasing Pike's personal information online.[92] The San Francisco Chronicle reported that Pike subsequently received 17,000 angry or threatening emails, 10,000 text messages, and hundreds of letters, causing him to suffer from depression and anxiety and winning him a workers compensation claim settlement of $38,056.
earned tax payer money going to this guy?
  +LadyCailin Yep.
forget the pizzas
am also angry of the institution of police itself that caused him to get this trauma and shit, but there's also personal responsibility. He should have quit his job that day
I think he finds himself accountable, I meant that in situ he did not feel good about pepper spraying the students
later on he may have felt bad about it
the situation, he clearly didn't, otherwise he wouldn't have.
seriously, just stop defending the cops. we don't want to hear it.
  ottanta heh
yar
realize the crux of that issue is intersectional but
we talk about something like gdc or something that I wasn't actually only a degree of saparation from
  ottanta separation*
can't read minds
did the shit he did
pretty openly hostile
sorry
thought you were saying you can't read my mind
naw I'm referring to the cop
sorry
about you stop trying to control the conversation ottanta
I don't know why the h*ck you're saying some of the shit you're saying either
did you censor heck but not censor shit? :P
freaks seem to do that for joke and I picked it up
Haha.
taken
  +DrYucatan  Burned?
units
cry when I get shampoo in my eye imagine weapons grade pepper spray
underestimate what a substance with a big ammount of scovilles can do to you
It was just a way of phrasing it I've not heard before.
that's that high in scovilles is usually abound with toxicity
liver killing toxicity
  +Kaiserina  jesus
im betting that's only a civilian grade spray
not even proper to call things like pepper spray, beanbag guns, etc "nonlethal". We've had to acknowledge the fact that they can still cause amazing harm, because they're "less-lethal."
  +Kaiserina  also
bullets are also pretty lethal lol
not good for pepper spray, upholderof but yeah I guess that was fucked of me
spray is horrible. Got sprayed once by a security guard with police grade stuff because of a misunderstanding at an office building I was doing a network job at. Never felt that much pain ever. Even when I broke my leg.
  upholderof  woah
  ottanta sorry
geraldbrent that's intense.
I guess I mean yeah defending pepper spraying of people is bad
if that video was fucking w you
  +Kaiserina  :|
thought I was breaking and entering. Apparently they mace before they ask questions at that place.
he ask to see credentials or anything? Probably not, I'm guessing.
I had a work order. Restricted access part of the building, so he assumed because I wasn't in company attire I was a threat or something.
  +LadyCailin yikes
terrible
I'm not about to make it 'jump on ottanta' day, but how come you got all apologetic when I showed up instead of when the rest of the feminists were calling you in?
mostly because the tone got to a point where I decided more on self reflection
kinda got here when I was like wow maybe everyone is upset because I'm genuinely being an awful person right now
feel you, I just hope it's not because I'm a dude. That happens a lot when I echo something that a woman says all of a sudden it's like I dropped some deep knowledge by saying "pepper spray hurtz"
  ottanta nonono
I kinda felt awful during the conversation, and it was more yar's strong wording when they were reading through the thread where I was like
I'm a huge asshole'
I'm trying to find the youtube of the protest after the pepper spraying where the students all stood silently around the path the dean took to her car
that was moving
was like 4 or 5 days afterwards
is a unick
  void|work What?
neutered
Eunuch.
a eunuch?
was odd
title but good content)
  xbon2er damm
  _1_Jagd3  (L)(L)(L)
it's a code of some sort.
  +Dirigible  B)
Bill O'Reily's 'word of the day' today is "Misandrist"
  +Euryale  FML
  +Kaiserina  well
use his own words
THING SUCKS
same can apply to all of his show really
L's are hearts
IT LIVE
IT WE'LL DO IT LIVE
a professional and educated television gentlesir
hate Bill O'Reilly but that bit always gives me a chuckle.
how are you liking the heat he's getting recently
use his quotes to make fun of him all the time
dude is a parody of himself lol
are worse for sure
with the claiming to have been basically present for lee harvey oswald's suicide
like the reasonable face of Fox lol
this is scary
NO WORDS ON IT
phone calls prove he was in a completely different state at the time)
whole of fox news is fucked up
should rename it to fox noos
Nus
was he in a helicopter under attack by RPGs, too?
  +Kaiserina  lol
like foxes ;-;
are adorable.
reminded me of the shouts from skyrim
definitely wasn't in a war zone in argentina either
wouldn't mind fus ro dah'ing bill o rly at all
never saw nuns shot point blank either)
chill
not miss united states?
  +Dirigible  wait
i do it wrong
a reference to Lanky Kong.
the odd meme that is derived from him.
just learned how to wax skis!
there are lots of videos like that in the interwebs euryale :p
at the uploader Real Atheism
  +Kaiserina  pj
  +Kaiserina  oh
  +Kaiserina  right
didnt notice that one lel
don't believe in atheism. I feel that if God wanted us to not believe in him he'd have made us more skeptical.
  +DrYucatan  ?
  +Euryale  :>
think its a joke :p
joke, make funny
that...a quote, or something you seriously believe?
I'm...somewhat confused.
It's a joke
is your friiiend
question: is religion an acceptable subject in here?
curious
long as you're not bashing specific persons for their religious (non) beliefs, i don't see why not
seen it discussed pretty freely but i've never seen a mod weigh in
okay
Poe's Law still applies, eh?
dont follow any organized religions but i have been developing my spiritual side lately :v
think its having a good contribute to my personal development
that sound weird?
am curious about what you mean
  +Kaiserina  well
guess i could say that im developing a different nicer perspective on how i relate to myself
that make sense?
always good, I guess :>
i believe its making me lose some of my fears
at least be more comfortable pushing them
how to explain it
started when i found out about alan watts and ive just been going down the rabbit hole since sorta say
yea it's good, its a side of me i've ignored too much
im trying to take up meditation again
used to be so good at it some years ago
i could actually isolate myself from all senses and just picture myself in this white space, it was super relaxing
im starting to sound like a weird new age type aint I
it's just that they've got the language to describe the phenomenon
know some atheists who do yoga and they were constantly checking themselves "yes but we don't believe in the actual MAGICAL side of it"
a while they just stopped that caveat and just used the terminology that works ie chakra and kundali etc
guess
dont think ican consider myself a full on atheist tho
i dont actually believe in deities per se
  upholderof  yeah
just saying it's not a big deal, to me, if you use new agy sounding language without believing in it wholesale
the closest organized religion i could find to my personal beliefs were some schools of buddhism which can be also pretty deity-less
i dont really have the head for organized religion :V
got ur back :)
  +Kaiserina  <3
i guess its pointless trying to pick a word for it :p
follow lil b the based god
have some personal beliefs i developed over time
  +Kaiserina  nah
follow the helix fossil
  upholderof  loL!
with dome
plays socialism would be cool
plays hearts of iron soviet union
doing another playthrough and they have a parasect on steroids
twitch managed to level a pokemon up to 100
THEY REALLY?!
  +Kaiserina  yes
the leech king
of dome
known as pararekt
lawd yes
  sdksarah  h
  +Euryale  hello
  upholderof  hi!
pew
  +Euryale  eep!
true
are you raddefemme?
thought dirigible was around my age, not 19 :v
linked to raddefemme.tumblr.com, which is a blog i follow, so i was curious as to whether i know yet another person from this channel on tumblr
know :v
:v isnt really meaningful or sarcastic its more of an 'idk' face to me
masturbate to horse porn
about no
for you?
gonna rape and torture everybody in this chat room later on tonight.
have your addresses, I even have your names. Consider your days numbered.
boring troll is boring.
  +DrYucatan  Tenouttaten
/s
is it always 'sarah'
of a masculine version thus leaving no doubt over proposed gender? idk
also directly means Lady in hebrew, so double meh? :P)
  colons  hah
you were having doubts about the existence of Rape Culture, tonight I'm gonna prove it to you by forcefully entering your homes, one-by-one, and taking you for my whore.
all sluts lol
claim full responsibility for the Boston Stranglings.
the ops boop button
THE JEWS SHALL BURN LIKE UR MUM
niggabytes/s, pullina 187 on yo servas
  sdksarah  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
is no longer your safe space, you nigger pieces of shit. This is now a board to discuss Nazism. /topic Nazism and its benefits for society, and the inevitable purge.
is a kike puppet
be gargling our cum by the end of the night.
it !femops?
UR BENIS IN DA BUM XDDDDDD
up colons you fucking nigger jew
Can't recall
  colons  !femops
what my logs say it is
I recall your father beating you viciously, and playing touch-touch games under the sheets at night. Funniest shit I read all year.
planning to murder every single feminist on this planet. I will murder using various, well-known, terrorist methods; such as: bombings, strangulation, anally probed inserted explosives and sharp army knifes to the throat.
  upholderof  !femops
how quaint.
  +libbies  lol...
  colons  ooh
you win?
notion that women are actually on par with men.
thought it was quaint when you called swiss army knives sharp army knives
army knives?
people call them that?
duh, sdksarah, women are miles ahead
you are a weak-ass troll)
really reveals that you're probably in middle school
yet they can't get paid the same amount as a man :^)
fill me in about marathon phoenixx
think I'm a troll? Hardly. Trolls say untrue things with the intent of inciting a group. What about women being inferior isn't true?
that's not true though, trolls say things to start arguments or upset people.
I did! It was the last huge Marathon scenario I hadn't finished.
ﾟヮ・)ノ
have any bearing on the truth of their statements or lack thereof
is pretty edgy up in here up in here
skills with cognition and logic are impaired by bodily functions every month, they're weaker, generally dumber and despite years of Feminist activism still don't actually do anything with all that power.
considered getting a tattoo related to something from the Marathon series... but I need to find something that isn't too silly looking.
more pixel art on my legs.
art :D
like niggers, minus the dirt skin and ebonics.
david you're a goof
I doubt there are any women in here, just sycophantic neckbeards looking for Progressivist Pussy.
wish I could grow facial hair
you're all``
david you could have trolled harder
AAAAAAAAREEEE SSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT GO BACK TO TUMBLR.COM
the tranny thinks we're one person
ARE LE 9GAG ARMI
you're pathetic
you have better things to do
tips fedora
  upholderof  trillby
it's a trillby
really just shown us you don't deserve internet access tbh
shout on tumblr though
shit happening today
come from Redchannit and we're here for your feculent cunts
ARE COOOL MOOOOOM
Now talking on ##feminism
#blackout's pretty neat
super neat
lot of aboriginal australians and islanders and stuff didn't know if they were included, but one of the co-creators of it stepped up and said they are
seeing some nice stuff out of aus now
a
to see so many happy people on the internet
  +epi  yeah
shit colons, I recognize you! You were the greasy fuck who was serving me at Taco Bell
yeah, i remember, you were wasted and we kicked you out for shitting on the floor
times
ARENT HUMAN
ARENT HUMAN
that confirms that david is the david I think he is, based out of Sydney
the connection to fresno though?
more human than you, david :v
THE FUCKING KIKES RACE WAR NOW FUCK SHIT WHORE ASS NIGGER COON ASS
i have tourrettes and autism
wars isn't enough, huh
love enjoying the benefits of being a straight white male. It's good to grind you shits under my bootheel.
adolf
honey i gassed the jews
want Andrea Dworkin to take a big fat dump in my mouth
calling me adolf is a compliment, danke :3
with shoes are all bad news
to the labour camps with you moshe judenberg
though, the man had great ideas, especially about gassing the kikes.
that's just the least of his achievements. Damned good painter.
TAKE ME AWAY YOU CIS SHIROPEMJN EIOPFWENOIJP_F{"EWN BGFEJGERJHGDEJB GEPJKG beWIKGBNG_NGEIKGENGEIEgEPO{"JGEP:OIJGE_){BNGEIG{)EhWE_{JNG:EDWJgpE#$
we hear the weight of a ball?
WOMEN BETTER CHECK YOUR FIRST WORLD PRIVILEGE. HAVING THE INTERNET IS SRS BSNS U KNO
even check your "I don't have to worry about stepping on a mine or being raped by an East Indian man today" privilege
if there's other people trolling using names tied to you you should see if you can get them to make their own troll accounts
micropenis disagrees, upholderof
like
we hear the weight of a ball?
that women shouldn't use the internet: no nickserv :3c
you should have been more anonymous
  upholderof  lol
channel is leakier than a sieve. Does your admin just jill off to Lezdom all day or something?
we're all neckbeards remember?
we're all the same person :3c
so cute when women try to protest. It's like, "squeee! give us things!"
don't think you're the same person
even said so
we shouldn't feed the troll
shot himself in a bunker as communists' tanks rumbled through berlin and their bombers dropped steel and dynamite on his thousand-year reich :>
is this still going?
people keep feeding the troll
much that, but maybe they'll have an aneurysm
me proof of his death. Produce a corpse, and not just skull fragments that DNA tests suggest are from a young woman. OH WAIT THERE'S DOCUMENTS FROM THE CIA SUGGESTING HE FLED TO ARGENTINA WITH MOST OF HIS OFFICERS
  sdksarah  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANIGGERSANDSPICSWILLGIVEYOUTHESQUICKS
that's one cherry popped. :3c
feed the trolls", I thought that's all you neckbeards did.
EIGHT PEOPLE CAN SHIT UP A BOARD IMAGINE WHAT 20 MILLION WHITE NATIONALISTS RISING UP IN UNITION COULD DO. DRESDEN GERMANY WAS JUST A DROP IN THE BUCKET COMPARED TO THE HURT THAT'S GONNA BE COMING TO DEGENERATES LIKE YOU
2: Electric Boogaloo
  sdksarah  420blazeitfags
remember that time that upholderof recalled how he was raped as a young boy. I kinda felt bad, but then I remembered what a cunt he was, so then I laughed and said "lol he totally deserved it"
you ever wonder what it's like to be inside a condom?
you like to?
  sdksarah  NIGGERSANDJEWSYOUALWAYSLOSE
when feminism actually had something interesting to say? Not just bitching about scientists wearing kitchsy t-shirts? Yeah neither do I
back during the Suffragette Movement those bitches were all like "Equality for women! Just not the nigger ones! Maybe only the rich white ones coming to think of it!"
then the Second Wavers were all "blah blah this is phallic blah blah Bell Hooks blah blah SCUM Manifesto" and didn't realize that calling themselves sluts would actually backfire 20 years later
now we have this current generation of shit-sucking slacktivists like you, idling in an IRC, acting all important whenever people like us are within eyesight or earshot, but shrinking into peevish cliquesters the moment the spotlight's gone
  +libbies  lol
act like there's not a clear pecking order here, one determined not by who contributes the most, but by who bitches the loudest and longest
think you're confusing elements of the second and third wave
a common misconception
actually need to go buy some popcorn
got a few bags left.
cocksucker
for the way-too-much-extra-butter kind
  +KittenGNU  Mmmmmmm
like that kettle corn stuff that's also sweet
americans get so man types of popcorn
  +epi  jesus
got a bag of banana chips i've not eaten, that's almost popcorn
those are nice
have like no snacks at home ;___;
need to buy more of those fried corn kernels.
are good too, v. filling
we've got trolls
don't have them if you have ibs
Actually the trend is reaching out in europe too. Cinemas and stores here offers it as well
9GEG ARME HAS OFFICALLY TAKEN OVER DISBOARD
they're all asleep or something
we only get one type of popcorn in theatres here
buttery salty popcorn?
nomming on a bag of chickpeas seems like a p good idea
there's caramel popcorn and two or three flavours of microwave tho
  +epi  yeah
get salty and sweet here in the uk
they're /so/ good
not taken lunch yet i should go get some
don't really understand the appeal of sweet popcorn tbh
  sdksarah  OSApOPFENEF)EW#(JN)FERjGFEIPEPJOEFPKOFEPOKKPOFEPKEFPKFEPKIOPKOPOPOKPOKKPOPOKPOKKPOKPOKPOPKOPKOKOPKPOKPOKPOKPOKPKPKPKPKPOKPOKPKPKPKP
that's what a right-wing reactionary would say. renounce your opinion now
In the Netherlands they sell popcorn like that
popcorn is quite good tho
Delish!
  sdksarah  REMEMBERWHENYOURANAWAYANDIGOTONMYKNEESANDBEGGEDYOUNOTTOLEAVEORELSEIDGOBERSERKWELLYOULEFTMEANYHOWANDTHENTHEDAYSGOTWORSEANDWORSEANDNOWYOUSEEIMCOMPLETELYOUTOFMYMINDHEILHITLER
popcorn'?
that like
  colons  liquid?
i can totally spell
they dip popped corn in caramel that hardens into a sort of shell
  +KittenGNU  Da
it's so good
crunchy and delicious and horrible for you
i bet :3
dip my popcorn in that cumjar I keep next to my radiator
and sweet is such a good combo.
and anything really.
at the cinema usually freak out if you ask for half and half
is love <3
add a bit of saline to cocktails for extra zing.
friend is a beekeeper and we get really high quality honey for cheap
now we're all eating weird amounts of granola instead of weird amounts of chips or popcorn
granddad was a beekeeper!
weird epi does automatron ignore you?
blue jays btw
shit that's cool
not usually, automatron is weird sometimes
because it's because there's unicode in that youtube video name?
  +epi  possibly
  +KittenGNU  XD
like non-anime communism i guess
  +KittenGNU  xD
to a city without a baseball team (anymore) was a dumb idea ;___;
  upholderof  lol!
katyusha is so much better when it's about lesbians
  PrincessPeachy  Hey!
glad automatron can appreciate that
gov.
  upholderof  supsupsup
I'm fine and you?
bored
yeah
my hubbie don't like I'm a feminist but he is very tame and respect me
just puzzles me
  colons  :<
he understand what feminism is?
tell him all the time what it is and tell him the historic facts,  still he says it is sexist because it s for females,  it says "fem" the term,  so wanting equally for all is not really that,  he says that's humanism.
  PrincessPeachy  :(
he know what humanism actually means?
you have a dictionary in the house?
but i use theassurus
don't know to be honest
think he thinks that because he hates his mom
  PrincessPeachy  Lol
right now I'm here like coming here hiding :(
should have to do homework and write papers on feminism lol
is not my lenguage
  PrincessPeachy  Ikr
were reading about feminist philosophy since he likes it and keep saying that its an excuse to hate men
  upholderof  weird
does he acknowledge that women are oppressed
not everyone is going to be good at philosophy
that hating women is an oppressor group hating an oppressed group, whereas hating men is an oppressed group hating their oppressors
sorta feel like that'd provoke a "so you acknowledge that feminism drives women to hate men?" remark >.>
and anti-racism drives people of colour to hate white people, etc. etc.
don't think it's possible to be oppressed and not hate your oppressors
it's super easy to be an oppressor and not realise it
make me not hate men
  colons  natch
humanism where you want people to be cyborgs
  upholderof  lo
transhumanism. humanism is when you like richard dawkins but think he's too much of a jerk
am not a trans feminist i'm a transhumanist
humanism is liberal
though filled with liberals, is socialist in origin :v
that's what i said, it's when you like richard dawkins but think he's too much of a jerk. that makes u a liberal
is interesting... but it's more sci-fi fiction then anything else as for the moemnt.
  +epi  lol
lmao
damn laptop freezing
be the huge modpack i'm running idk
I scroll up to see the stupidest troll ever
  +epi  yes
yes. we all blocked them and carried on, it was fun
you did
love the total lack of self awareness of some trolls
  yashi hey
are you, friends?
  +epi  lirl
trans-humanist?
basically people that want to be cyborgs
people who see things like bioaugmentation and computer sentience as a positive future for humanity
a better explanation
myself am a tron exclusionary radical futurist :p
not necessarily a bad one, unless we keep capitalism :v
thought it meant a transgender person who is a humanist by ideology.
OffensiveUser
  +AbigailBuccaneer wow
actually like the fact how deus ex shows how can trans humanism go terribly wrong
Quite so.
deus ex?
videogame
in new york
think?
around the world, starting in new york, iirc
throughout the game you 'upgrade' yourself with implants and stuff
a cult classic
the first one you're a bioaugmented government agent who gets caught up in a web of lies and you realise the government ain't so friendly
the game goes through how only the wealthy and privileged can afford the implants, and medicine, etc etc
keeps saying american women are not
that!
the latest one, Deus Ex: Human Revolution, idk what happens
he's ignorant
revolution, there's a popular movement /against/ implants and cyberisation
Your hubby needs a serious wake up call...
mexican i was suuuuper opresed and i saw its the same here
just talk but they dont mean it
mean look at rape
a company that ostensibly makes medicine/medical implants is also making military technology to kill people who are against the capitalist technocratic dystopia :v
!
forget how the rest goes
human revolution there's a central government pretty much trying to take control of augmented people and monopolize the augmentation market
now I'm a closet feminist
central govt its actually the illuminati cuz deus ex uses conspiracy theories for plot fodder
  +epi  true
know...
want to tell you guys
have been raped all my life
was just raped when i came to the us
my life
want to be protected by you
i'm so sorry to hear that, you deserve so much better :(
want to protect you too
sci-fi, I should finish reading the System Shock fanfiction novella I was to read ages ago
love how the fanfiction based around Looking Glass studios is so ~awesome~ <3
  +libbies  !femops
sorry none of us were around :s
  +KittenButt :<
thanks
GorillaWarfare
for that
GorillaWarfare
the dipshit say more shit?
the shits
bother scrolling up
all dumb nonsense
had the dip on ignore
  +LambdaSix  *yawn*
Nothing of concern really. They just acted like a spoiled little whiny child with a bad mouth and temper
epi, massive thank you for the 'just eat some chickpeas' recommendation, this is my dinner right here
:p
delicious, right?
careful, they're very filling
try to be slow
chickpeas
are good in every form
the one making you writhe in pain b/cos it turns out one of the chemicals in it makes you sick and you didn't know and a whole six months of your life the majority of your meals involved chickpeas
was fun :p
miss them ;-;
uh, the makes you sick thing isn't universal, thats just me
guess i'll find out
  +epi  heh
you have ibs its unlikely
that sounds terrible epi
  colons  :<
sad because chickpeas are dlish :(
is awful lol
can imagine
should make some hummus >.>
  +Keilana  ooo
hummus
  +libbies  yeah
usually make it super garlicky though <.<
garlic is AWESOME
garlicky is hummus should be
  +Keilana  ^^
is so good
CAN'T FLIM FLAM THE ZIM ZAM :D
  RightAngle  Hey
  RightAngle  Everyone
  RightAngle  c:
meeple?
it taste as good as maple?
  +Kaiserina  o_O
  meeple  Hm
chickpeas and garlic >.>
a day
NU CHEEKI BREEKI EV DAMKE
penis
  silly_kelly pepepoopoo
  +LadyCailin !femops
  +Dirigible  lol
mirite
be safe to snark behind my mighty shield :3
Juden shall perish in the hellfires
what does a fedora have as a shield
using m'lady in conjunction with fedora 3/10 retry the test next year
have BELIEF BY OUR SIDE #alwaysbelieveher
would guess just some sort of cardboard shield
silver
already had this troll in here a few hours ago
a nice foam sword
justice warrior
justice fedora
no troll! I simply wish to defend m'ladies right to never be offended :3
right given to the holy uterus by Mother Gaia herself!
bedsheet cape too
offended that you're here.
for you, you're just a whore.
would not neckbeard again
why aren't you Pickin Up? it's friday right?
this week is over.
gb, what's up
with u on that geraldbrent
much. Dealt with too many idiots, and tons of icy weather.
  +Dirigible  nod.
some wild shit happened at work today
nice older lady comes up and says that she is having trouble breathing
wild pokemon appeared?
  +Kaiserina  oh
  +Kaiserina  crap
boss says "here" and hands me the old ladies keys and I drive her to the hospital with another employee meeting us there
is chatting and mostly embarassed that she made a scene
go back to work as the other employee is staying with her
other employee comes back to work we're all chatting
you waited for an ambulance or took 2 minutes longer, she'd be gone" said the doctor
  +Dirigible  o.o
you were there
employee who stayed with her, she said that they were holding hands etc and she had to walk away because she didn't want to see the end of someone
I'm glad we chose that route for sure
pretty sure we broke some rules but who cares
field are you in again
are for breaking anyway :3
glad she made it
too
  +PrincessBecca  :)
take a customer's car and drive them around
  upholderof  retail
a crazy day in retail
coworker was going to stop by the hospital on the way out of town today just to say hi
I guess I didn't realize how intense it was until just now eh
i bet she's so thankful for y'all
bet, and the docs were confident that she'd get out of the hospital before night She also takes care of her husband who had a stroke and can't talk and starts walking down the highway sometimes
wtf
away in a car, then near death, then released that night
tied to athsma or something?
are weird
once she got the meds the shit is over
  +Dirigible  ohhhh
that makes more sense i guess
STILL
You got lots of downvotes for your comment in /r/actuallesbians. lol
whats that?
  +KatelynQBS AbigailBuccaneer
comment basically said that trans men shouldn't be welcome in women only spaces
god yes
I remember that thread
grossed out by how many people were more than welcoming
the comment was at -33 when I saw it. lol
have mixed feelings. He won't necessarily be welcome in male spaces either, but, on the other hand, he definitely isn't a woman, so...
well, yeah
then I mention transphobia against trans women in there, because penis owning
specifically, if he isn't comfortable there, he shouldn't be there
get invited to men's things sometimes and i feel insulted
i tell them that
not sure either, that is
don't think this is something you can necessarily make one blanket ruling on for every case
I guess that's why I have mixed feelings
queer liberation and feminist community I've been in doesn't run women's only events, but they do run no-cis-men-allowed stuff on the regular
on his motives for being there and the group's motives for keeping him out, really
love how every time this subject comes up the hypothetical unicorn of a "trans man who identifies as a woman" comes up
  +PrincessBecca  yeah
know a trans man that is gender non binary, so..
99% of the time it started being about trans men who identify as men and not women and then becomes derailed in weird ways
never known a trans man who particularly wants any MORE reason for people to think of him as a woman
men are definitely victims of patriarchy and phallus-obsessed society, that's an interesting topic
actually asked my trans guy friend about this a while back
is what he said:
a guy who really doesn't feel comfortable in men's spaces,  I understand why trans guys say this stuff. But ultimately I don't like it, even knowing the reasons.
you're a guy, I just don't think you belong in women's spaces regardless of your assignment at birth. Women need and deserve dosage that's theirs and feeling like you have a right to that space when you're a guy (trans or cis) is ... well it just looks like crappy patriarchy to me. With a slight twist.
mean, it is shitty if trans guys are excluded from men's space, but I don't hear about that very often. I hear a lot more about trans women being exposed from women's spaces way more and I think that's /far/ more important to work on than trans guys getting into women's spaces. So yeah, like you I understand why trans guys might feel more comfortable,  but I can also see it making women in...
spaces more uncomfortable. And if you ID as a guy, then you'll just have to get over it and let women have the space they need.
men benefit from patriarchy
  wowaname  lol
had a trans guy friend who became homeless, had to go to a women's shelter where they told him he had to put on women's clothes if he wanted to eat and stay there
ohio
doing that to a cis guy
who live in places where there is legal protection against discrimination forget that most of the world is still even more fucked up than where we live
he seems pretty against trans men in women's spaces, so, there you have it.
you want to make space for men who are oppressed in some way, that's great but don't call it a women's space. how hard is that?
agree for sure
i'm not sure why this would ever come up though
that seems totally reasonable.
/r/actuallesbians isn't a women's only space, men are allowed.
seems like some people want it to be something else
is fine. I'm in another women's only subreddit, and it's really quite nice. Women's only places are really a great thing to have.
as of now, it's not
do trans men actually want in to a women only space? i've only ever heard of this, never witnessed it
am curious about reasons for wanting in, too
haven't either, but that doesn't mean that it doesn't exist somewhere.
never said it doesn't exist somewhere.
is unfortunate that there are not more spaces welcoming to trans men, but i don't understand how not enough welcoming spaces gets turned into yet another thing women are meant to make space for
  +LadyCailin true
i've seen most often is spaces which are trying to decide how to define themselves and feeling pressure from trans men to not simply be "womens' spaces"
guess my issue is more that i haven't really interacted with a lot of trans men, to my knowledge
only know one IRL
know like, 5 or so trans women IRL
you know of
course
"to my knowledge"
people that are openly trans, I should say.
  +KatelynQBS Confused.
known a lot of trans men in my area and been disappointed by almost all of them being misogynistic/transmisogynistic
probably oversharing)
my weirded-out-ness was over how cis people try to box trans people into those spaces?
it just a distaste 4 women coming from being forced by society in that gender role or just outright hating women?
never met a trans male afaik
it's not fresh on my mind
met a lot through the local trans group(s)
the 1's u knew get into all the toxic macho bs
yeah
  +Dirigible  eww.
I remember this one where they did that whole chugging beer from a keg with the uhh cone thingy
of the groups I ran with was lead by trans man and by all accounts he was able to avoid a lot of that and be very critical of toxic machoness.
is shit, malt liquor is as close as i get 2 it
a lie but i'm not about to discuss it
turn in my man card if i have 2 drink pisswater
cards are overrated
what pisswater is
i guess they call shitty beer pisswater right
coors and bud light shit
f that
shoving Häagen-Dazs dulce de leche caramel ice cream down my face hole right now and i think i'm having what can be described as a "religious experience" right now
can tell when it goes with the dutch adn then the german and then the english language name it's got to be a big deal
salute u and ur ice cream
  +LadyCailin lol
:)
cat_mom
  +Euryale  hello
Euryale whats up?
relaxing
I am reading through the git hub page. rules help keep some order. I'm also just relaxing to some flying lotus. (aka falling lotus... ha ha. bad joke right?) I just find his work relaxing.
guess?
Euryale you are a mod correct?
am
possibly querying me
you mind if I private message you? I am sorry for not recognizing your nick right away.
fine, feel free to query me
like flying lotus
you have a particular song/album you like? honestly I can't pick but I did like that one song called "protest" from his latest album.
that one with kendrick>\
like his j dilla cover fall in love a lot
looooove
23 album comes out
best album is cosmogramma imo
yeah. I have that album. its far out.
Keilana :>
Euryale n_n
are you?
warning: I’m exhausted and may randomly stop responding due to sleeps)
good! I had lunch with my parents and that was nice. :>
  void|afk  :)
going to see London Grammar tonight.
Yuck. I just read the comment section about an article about a trans woman in /r/news. Lots of mansplaining in that thread.
  +LadyCailin mansplaining/cisplaining
  +Euryale  :<
  +Euryale  fuckers
  +LadyCailin refer*
must be hanged for telling people we were doing wrong"
well
well, good for her
going to be a lot easier on her psychologically
  +LadyCailin yeah
conspiracy theorist in me believes that chelsea manning is a cisman and that the military is committing a horrendous act of cruel and unusual punishment
  +LadyCailin hmm?
would be so easy
her being trans?
  +Bequita  yeah
does that further their goals?
doesn't; we're just a country that is known to torture people already
While that is true, it is still to further some known goal, legitimate or not.
does claiming she's trans, then advancing trans rights in the military fit in with that narrative?
they were going to advance trans rights in the military anyway, and figured they would psychologically break the person who leaked their secrets while they were at it
possibly. So they just frame "him" as trans, in order to mess with "him" psychologically
against trans people in the military, because i'm against militaries
not too thrilled about gay marriage
  eegor wot
are a couple articles on the subject...
manning is not a made-up story to torture a cis man. that makes no sense.
said it was "the conspiracy theorist in me" talking.
manning's statements seem very coherent with the experiences of actual trans women and less like a transmosogynist's idea of what that experience is
have schizoaffective disorder; my mind runs wild with these kinds of paranoid delusions.
US military is way too invested in pinkwashing these days to intentionally create a story like that. it's not convenient for them.
is wowaname back? :c
not?
were pretty awful the last time they were here
is to say they were banned the last time they were here)
  cjfc17  hi
here
there
  cjfc17  ?
anybody here
  cjfc17  hi
anybody want to chat
i'm reading this book... I was wondering what kind of a guy this description points to
ruled his family with an iron fist and could keep his family under control with a mere raising of an eyebrow or curl of a lip.
do you mean, "what kind of a guy?"
a horrible authoritarian abuser.
the actual text from the book: "The stories of Southern women who ran their families with an iron hand in a tiny rose-colored velvet glove, like the stories of formidable New Englan matriarchs who kept generations of their kin under control by the mere raising of an eyebrow or the curl of a lip...
we got that settled ;)
did i know that was going to be trolly
is the point of all this, NonSecwitter?
trying to prove the matriachy or some shit lmao
  gganesan  join
  +epi  part
my userlist
  +DrYucatan  Ah.
by hostname
IP
  +libbies  thanks
said, they probably have alts in here
  +Euryale  probably
clones, but that doesn't mean proxies, etc.
they are hiding behind seven proxies.
surprise me, honetly
That abusive women are regarded differently than abusive men
What point are you trying to make?
##socialism
it a safe space?
indeed it does, lol
i've been in ##socialism, i like it, i guess?
they specifically call out oppressive language?
make the space inclusive for non-heterosexual, non-cis people (specifically nonbinary people), people of colour, disabled people, etc?
Same people are in this channel run the other one, so yes.
Cool.
'bout that
<+DrYucatan> And make the space inclusive for non-heterosexual, non-cis people (specifically nonbinary people), people of colour,  disabled people, etc?
is pervasive.
I've been having trouble with ableism even in specifically feminist spaces :1
not just talking about physical disabilities, we're talking about neurodivergent/neurodiverse people.
  +Euryale  yes
physical disabilities...
spend five minutes as a disabled person whenever the topic of disability comes up and try to see if your blood pressure can remain in safe boundaries
  Cysioland Hello
want to conduct a polite discussion
do you think about violence caused by women on men? Does it even exist? Or /r/MensRights lies?
asking, no intent to troll
exists but it's not a systemic problem the way mens' violence against women is
can you explain, why is it systemic? Does government help in it?
the links in the topic. we prioritize safe space and shared values over "polite discussion" and educating newbs.
Cysioland was banned from ##socialism for trolling.
I didn't know, that you're the same folks as this channel, I didn't know, that you oppose free speechj also there. I will abide here.
have thought communism and feminism go hand in hand, genius
  Cysioland Okay
will obey the bot.
  +epi  lmao
wikimedia cloak
it was mentioned in socialism
doubted wikimedia would actually do anything about a misogynist troll with their cloak
their policies are, y'know, pretty much the same as his views
renew my license online. Now I have to go to the DMV in the sketchy part of town. :<
  mxtm  lol
tfw no license until next month
>sketchy
the financial district?
  mxtm  truuuuuuu
bankers and businesspeople are /terrifying/.
that's basically been abandoned. Gang activity, drugs, just tons of seedy stuff.
they decided to put a license station in it.
you mean you don't love gang activity and drugs?
:<
like to quote a man I heard walking out of McDonalds yesterday: "I fucking hate white people"
that man the wisest and best man on the planet?
#1: A legitmate question, to which I answer nicely. PM #2: A request for me to speak with him on kik.
don't know why I try sometimes.
about that LadyCailin - at the next Meeting of the Men I'll talk to this fool and see if I can't get him to fly straight
  +LadyCailin lol
a glass or horchata?
yes please
taught me about it and then I got a strainer and made it!
Dirigible I think
  +Dirigible  HORCHATAAAAAAAA
FOREVAAAAAA
best beverage.
is it?
wonder if i should have strained a bit more finely?
do peanuts actually expire? I have some, and they kinda taste like plastic. The expiration date is from November.
good!
you use cheesecloth
strainer
would probably give you the best strain if you're bothered
on orchata, we have it here as well and it's good.
it was delicious. Should it be really sweet or more about refreshing?

i guess idk
not super sweet but it's pretty sweet
tablespoons per litre, sugarwise
I'll put one more tbsp
refuse to make horchata myself because i know i could never make it as good as my favorite restaurants
just blended rice w water eh?
can do it
you've never tasted it proper
so good and there's like secret recipes and shit
  upholderof  true
can do it with almonds too
addition to rice
a whole. Nother. Level.
i meant to put this in the other caht
embarrassed he left
  upholderof  more-chata!
pls
you listen to drake?
fixed the sugar situation and it's delish
need cheese cloth for next time, or let it settle a bit
i accidentally squashed my hand and now it hurts :c
you there when I had dropped that heavy thing on my toe?
  +Dirigible  no
gosh toe injuries
to take the next day off work lol
  +Dirigible  snap.
you break it
did the nail come off
months later nail came of
was totally fine
the undernail hurt a lot
hear it hurts when blood pools under it
yeah it was bad news, I have a documented thing where I don't really feel pain as much as everyoen else
  +Dirigible  oh
I still had to skip a day
  +Dirigible  wowsers
watch your hand
just tender/hurts when i bug it
lol, i love that name
b a play on freebsdgirl or a festival girl who gives out acid
:) xoxo
hello i am here.
vibrasfear
  vibrasfear  wasa
should read their PMs more often
  freelsdgirl jews
  meowthhh  yeah
  meowthhh  uh
because they get paid to serve yoou
  Shannon har
y does some1 w a cool name like that gotta b a hater
gonna h9
GONNA PL8 PL8 PL8 PL8 PL8
gonna cr8
  upholderof  lol
time I played a word game with my mom and boyfriend wherein we had to rhyme x8ers gonna x8 and it went on for HOURS
gonna m8
siggoth always does tom swifties
never does the same one twice
I love tom swifties
every time you say siggoth I imagine you're referring to a lovecraftian eldrich entity
because of one called yog sothoth
  upholderof  LOL
else said that and I said that she was actually a lovecraftian horror but don't tell her I said that
still don't know what a siggoth is
  +Dirigible  lol.
ther
  upholderof  other
can't believe i didn't think of that lol
like it because it's not gendered and also it's not like "honey or sweetie"
Women's Day March 8th
international working women's day in 60 seconds!
working women's day
cat just fell in the toilet \o/
nooooo Dirigible
cat was partying to IWWD too hard
Sunday afternoon. :)
was great lol
some reason when i go in the bathroom he hops on the toilet (i keep the seat down because he plays in the water otherwise...) even though i kick him off right away
had just put the seat up and he made like he was gonna hop, but then just like put his front paws on the seat and saw the lid was up but still decided to jump on??
followed him out of the bathroom laughing while he sulked away to his house
are hilarious
  +Dirigible  refrigerator..
  +Dirigible  milk...
  +Dirigible  rly....
need to make some serious gains in reproductive justice asap
abortion and forced sterilization
muc
tastes fucking terrible after
  +Dirigible  uhm
say you eat pasta with some diced garlic and olive oil
you have a coffee
whole mouth tastes like a butt
you are way too hardcore for me
not even trying to be D:
just comes natural~
  +locas  garliccore
though
is some of the reason why i hate it
that's a downside
thought it was the dairy or sugar in it that did it
i managed some black coffee once and still had the gross taste
brew doesn't have it
  +locas  imo
i come across some free cold brew i'd probably try it
i wouldn't seek it out or pay for it
make it right in the french press
we can be assed
if we can go 8 hours without using the french press as normal
have seen so many french presses these past few months
it getting a boost in popularity or something
I've been using them for yuears
Working Women's Day c:
mods, help ;-;
it be Monday in here?
  upholderof  !1
sisters and cisters
  gelatinous_semen  <3
cisters?
explain your greeting
monday
call "regular" gendered women cisters
trannies "sisters"
out
  upholderof  !femops
they feel normal
what
I do
troll is obvious
  +Euryale  yup
I think about 30% chance that was just a trans girl not censoring slurs :\
well
  +locas  kiwiirc
they can query me
readjust to 10%
yeah eh
self respecting tgirl is gonna use "regular" gender ffs
hope not
the whole 'so they feel normal' shit doesn't sound like a thing a trans woman would say
  +Euryale  yup
the "so they feel normal" is fucked
was just an troll
someone with terf tendencies
on
and no self respecting trans woman would refer to themselves as 'semen'
fun of cis people isn't about making me feel normal
about making cis people feel bad ^_^
is a lot to make fun of
  upholderof  haha
ARE the worst.
know
not a cisphobe
  +locas  BUT
god damn cis people seem to lack basic comprehension skills
like defrosting a preserved neanderthal
mean, even when you explain everything in clear phrasing to them
all like
na na na na na
are basically the flat-earther's of gender
  +Kaiserina  YES
like the vatican vs galileo
the equivalent to IF EVOLUTION EXISTS HOW IS THERE STILL MONKEYS?
  +Kaiserina  err
will recquire a more creative mind than me
  +Euryale  D:<
sorry, but this channel is a safe space and I can't allow y'all to continue to /attack/ cis people like this! /s
  upholderof  hahaha
cis people are people
i'll stop
  +Kaiserina  :3
name was gelatinous semen lol i expected them 2 troll the second i saw them
blob
d&d
why isn't it monday?
don't worry about it ;)
Monday's been provisionally canceled due to inactivity
  +libbies  ah
canceled?!?!!?!
  bajin :(
I'm late for work the
  upholderof  then
what day are hangovered workers gonna hate work?!
  +Euryale  Tuesday
  +Euryale  :>
club's goin up
a tuesday
course the middle class is the dominant voice in any movement :1
fact is that just because you're an anticapitalist counterculture doesn't mean that capitalism isn't a /thing/ in it
with the money will always be the most powerful
and Octavia Butler changed my worldview for the better
was instrumental in me accepting I'm trans with A Wizard of Earthsea.
was instrumental in me becoming an anarchist :P
was already trans when I found her though
parts of earthsea resonated w you regarding trans stuff?
the name of our beautiful reward is not profit, its name is freedom." Ursula Le Guin.
stuff with tehanu I guess did for me
about the earlier books
only read the first book.

the others :O
least read the 2nd one
tombs of atuan
the idea of the monster he created, released and had to face to live being himself resonated hugely with me.
yeah
I forgot the plot of the first book entirely lol
know that comic that is like
read it and at first you think it's about a trans woman but it turns out she's a dragon
is an entire earthsea book like that :P
don't know any comics like that.
just like some random one page jpg
what it is or how to find it
I really liked all the earthsea books except for like
of the short story collection one
one w the wizard who is like
mercury so he gets magic cum is too weird
  +LadyCailin lolwut
live in capitalism. Its power seems inescapable. So did the divine right of kings." Ursula K. Le Guin
recent speech she made was good as fuck
yeah riddim
I'm wondering if there's any positive term used to describe the post-patriarchal order?
I've heard matriarchy
idk if that's a very good one
used in a liberal feminist sense of the predomination of "female values"
would be non hierarchical
I'm not sure how seriously most people would take the idea of a post-patriarchal order. It's not like capitalism where you can establish an alternate economic system.
well we could establish a different system of gender relations than patriarchy no?
the thing is that patriarchy is all about the cultural superiority of men. It's not like it's anything formalized. It's very diffuse. As long as there's a power dynamic it's either going to be patriarchy or matriarchy.
I don't really seeing it becoming a matriarchy
  +Euryale  so...
best we can do is ablate patriarchy and call attention to it so that its poisonous effects can be mitigated as best as possible
and maybe someday we will be able to have a society where patriarchy is weak and ignorable
that's different from 'after patriarchy'
GW
it's a rather dangerous idea, IMHO
just had someone try to argue that rape does not disproportionately affect women
/already/ think that 'sexism is dead'
  +Euryale  D:<
better goddamn right it does D:<
cited the DAILY MAIL
already stated it was US ONLY
it was also the DAILY MAIL
  +Euryale  ...
ARE OUR UNRELIABLE STATISTICS THAT REPRESENT A TINY MAJORITY OF THE WORLD POPULATION"
  +GorillaWarfare s/MAJORITY/PORTION/
can't even imagine how you could /possibly/ come up with statistics that men are raped as much as women
dunno about y'all, but when a friend of mine who is in their late twenties or older tells me they've never been raped I'm honestly a little surprised
as long as that friend is a woman
citation was the fucking Daily Mail
/eye twitch
in that case, it must be accurate /s
I QUOTE
men are raped in the U.S. than woman, according to figures that include sexual abuse in prisons.
us: @MailOnline on Twitter | DailyMail on Facebook"
readmore links
yeah
the U.S.
woman
I just skimmed this article but...
they just compare the number of men who reported being raped in prison on a survey to the number of women who /prosecuted/ their sexual assaults?
  +Euryale  'cuz...
  +Euryale  yeah...
specifics of how they got these numbers are super vague
guarantee you that's what they did
comparing the DOJ numbers of rape cases that got to court where the woman was the victim versus /self reported/ rape cases of men who were raped /when prompted/
I'd say that it would be /very/ conservative to say that 10% of women are rape survivors (like... you could double that figure twice and I'd still consider it conservative so...)
I'm pretty sure 10% of all women is more than 215k ;)
  +GorillaWarfare Yeah
gave me other figures to say men were 38%
I hesitate to believe even that
  +Euryale  yeah...
experience is that women are closer to 50% and trans women are hovering around 80-90%
as a whole)
you mean 50% of women and 80–90% of transwomen are raped?
statistics within the trans community are staggeringly high
been raped twice since I came out and once before I came out (as part of a gay bashing that was /explicitly/ transmisogynistic in tone)
and since I've come out...
on, let me count
had two /very/ close calls early in my transition where I had the misfortune of running into trans fetishists on the street at night, alone
and my experiences are, in my experience, /not unusual/
  +GorillaWarfare :///
  +GorillaWarfare Yikes
was just clarifying what you meant, not trying to question it
yeah
christ
main problem within the trans community is that we're targeted pretty heavily by a fetish community and also other trans women who are also predators
really sorry to hear that, that's horrendous
and the thing is that when you spend all of your life up until transition presenting as male and thus being cloistered from the threat of rape /and then you transition/...
only are you a highly visible target because you /look/ trans and the fetish community will make a bee-line to you
but you're inexperienced and what experience you do have is completely inappropriate for the reality you are now facing
also intersectional in that I'm also disabled so that played a huge part into my history of violence.
even without that...
  +Euryale  oh...
the other thing that really hurts young trans women is that the trans community, as a whole, reacts to the myth that trans women run around raping women by denying the idea that trans women can also be rapists.
so you end up with a /highly/ empowered class of predators who target other trans women as prey.
yeah... trans women don't rape cis women except in highly unusual circumstances.
but trans women /certainly/ rape other trans women
it's a /major/ problem
  +GorillaWarfare ahhhh
/me offers hugs
mostly because I'm lesbian and thus for a cisgender fetishist to target me they pretty much have to get me into a vulnerable position and then stranger rape me and that's a lot harder to do
but I'm also vulnerable due to developmental disability so, I've had some pretty harrowing experiences in that front.
that being said
came out of all these experiences feeling as if I'm a fighter plane with a bunch of flags painted on my nose.
/know/ I'm fucking tough and I've fucking earned my right to hate the patriarchy with a burning passion.
who couldn't break me"
Jesus, no one should have to earn their right to hate the patriarchy like that :/
  +Euryale  yeah
  +Euryale  oh...
back to your fucking asshole
know what I love?
  +GorillaWarfare What?
men who quote male rape statistics and pretend that the vast majority of male rape victims are like them
but the vast majority of male rape victims are /queer/
the statistics are widely varying, and not generally terribly forthcoming about which populations they relate to
  +Euryale  yeah
claiming that most rape victims are women... I just am unwilling to believe that
when the source is the Daily Mail
rape victims /are/ women
sorry, s/are women/are men/
good
  +Euryale  yeah...
bit of a crucial typo there
friend and I were talking about oppression and rape the other day and came to the conclusion that victimization almost always goes 'down' in that the rapist almost always choses victims from his own caste or from 'lower' castes
rape women, women rape women, women rarely rape men
rape blacks, blacks rape blacks, blacks raping whites is /unusual/
though it's the latter that is always focused on, in both cases
least in the mind of the oppressor
you wanna know /why/ it goes down? because rapists are /predators/ and predators prey on the weak.
can definitely see how the privileged/racist/sexist/etc would view that as somehow more abhorrent
thus play up those cases
  +GorillaWarfare :/
don't prey on those who can fight back and if you're a woman and you rape a man he can /certainly/ ruin your life afterwards where the same cannot be said the other way around.
well I was raped by an older woman in my teens
identifying as male
there's other stuff like age
  +zetkin involved
But if a black person rapes a white person, the existing power structures will lead some to see that as somehow more despicable
racism
  +Euryale  yeah
the same goes for other various oppressions
oh yeah, it definitely happens. I'm super sorry to hear that.
etc.
:/
if you ever need to talk to someone feel free to query me about it.
realize it isn't super common though
  +zetkin thanks
I think there's an additional dynamic going on when an older woman rapes a boy
what I understand women tend to prey on children and the disabled generally if they murder or rape people
there's /definitely/ a lot to shield the perpetrator in that case.
yeah... absolutely
children torture animals or smaller children
  +zetkin :P
are some areas where I think women are in a better position to rape than men.
you're going to target disabled people it's safer to be a woman nurse than a male nurse, for example.
man would understand this and chose other victims
well from what I understand often its women nurses facilitating males
in home care people
was a case of this nurse who would pimp out Alzheimer and dementia suffering patients who she cared for
read about ages ago
that's incredibly gross
it was
up there with dad drives over his son while driving a fourth of july float in terrible scarring news articles
  +zetkin :P
  +Euryale  pmuch
I always forget
  +zetkin >.>
then lose my faith in humanity again
I read about a chinese woman who cut off her husband's penis after she caught him texting a mistress with her phone
she snuck into his hospital and cut it off again
threw it out the window
it was lost
  +zetkin :P
bit of an overreaction O.o
  +zetkin yeah
a bit harsh
first time I can se
  +zetkin e
  +zetkin :P
people laugh at that and are like 'wow, she was really overreacting'
  +Euryale  but...
bet there's a /lot/ of abuse in that relationship we're not hearing about
true
don't just cut penises off apropos nothing
  +Euryale  yeah
either he was a massive shit or she was already doing shit
likely him
he was cheating with her phone
was in a highly abusive relationship a few years ago and I remember right at the end, right before I escaped I absolutely lost touch with reality and I pulled a knife on my abuser. It's /that/ kind of thing that's probably going on in that story, too.
  +zetkin oh
terrible
  +zetkin :(
probabl
  +zetkin y
to hear that
betcha anything what happened is she caught him on the phone then confronted him and he beat her and she, cornered, lost it.
then people tend to think along the lines of "Well why didn't you leave sooner?"
for some other reason became scared to the point of irrationality
  +Euryale  yup
wonder about the second attack though
must have been super fucked up
psychologically tormenting her about sexuality
  +Euryale  maybe
she could have been the abuser but... enh?
they could have both been abusers
happens too
usually with one being way worse
  +zetkin idk
I'm depressed
on that note I should go to bed
  +zetkin >.>
about some cat?
ty
  +zetkin mindbleach
just drew a cute!
me link
I should send you a photo I took of one of the cats at the shelter
go forth my mousie friend!
citty!
goddamnit
  void|afk  Foxie!
  +Euryale  yes!
some reason tumblr images don't load for me lately
weird
makes snorting noises when you pet him like that and it's basically the cutest thing ever
is inspiring me to draw more.
Cute!
cute
all
  +GorillaWarfare :)
zetkin!
zetkin!
shouldn't MM be on at the moment?
Normally, but we're experimenting with leaving it off this week.
tickled pink at the number of men who have brought that up :>
  +GorillaWarfare n_n
It just feels weird!
bedtime for me
at home, and my niece will probably come up to wake me up in 3 hours :P
GW
AbigailBuccaneer: You got lots of downvotes for your comment in /r/actuallesbians. lol" gawd don't remind me. i unsubscribed
place is trash, and is so much more welcoming of "i'm a straight male but i think you guys are really cool" than "i'm a trans women and i have political opinions"
you read through threads and trans women are allowed as long as they're being kind and sweet to cis women
the moment we say something like "trans men are men, and therefore not lesbians" we're buried en masse
really? =(
not seen that so far. I hate hearing there's shit in places I'm hopeful about
AL isn't actually a woman's space, so, men, trans or otherwise are allowed.
not a women's only space
which i find fishy as hell
who does that benefit? men, esp. trans men
if they made it a women's only space, I'd be fine with that
it isn't, so, people saying that trans men are welcome isn't particularly cissexist, imo
just like, "don't worry, dudes are welcome here too!"
"it's ok, you're actually still a lesbian!"
the dude in r/AL i called out was saying "i didn't feel the need to unsubscribe when i realised i was a trans guy. after all, my boyfriend and i have sex how lesbians have sex!"
if it's not a women-only space, it's definitely a women-focused space. and i would argue that the inclusion of trans men still excludes trans women in the same ways as if it was a formally women-only space
I definitely see your point.
  +Euryale  yeah
fwiw, I upvoted you. lol
I see two sides to the coin. On one side the inclusion of trans men in female-only spaces is /fucked up/ when those spaces exclude trans women (and that kind of space usually does).
it's not fucked up if it's a "women's space" that includes all women and trans men?
the other hand, looking it it from a cispatriarchy standpoint, trans men are men but they're also /not/ men in the eyes of the patriarchy.
it includes all women and all men, then no, I don't consider it fucked up
I think there's something to be said about it since trans men have a provisional status as men at /best/ in the eyes of patriarchy.
i'd disagree with you there. my experiences with this are mainly from ~queer spaces~, in which trans men are men and act like men and do shitty men stuff
i used to believe that trans men suffer from and are incapable of fully enacting misogyny to their benefit
i have been proven wrong so so many times
only effect i can observe is that there are occasional self-congratulatory or curious cis men
that's a good point, but I don't think it's cissexism at work.
yeah, trans men definitely are capable of acting like pigs >.>
trans men who then get a free pass for being in this women-focused space because "cis men are allowed too therefore it's not transmisogynistic for me to exist in a lesbian space"
i don't think 'cissexism' is a very good starting point for analysis of oppression
supposes that misogyny and cissexism are mostly orthogonal
any coherent analysis of the material situations of trans women and trans men will tell you differently
patriarchy's viewpoint, trans men don't exist. there's men, women, and Gross Weird Trannies
that's simply not the case in AL
not even talking about AL any more i'm just ranting ;)
I doubt it's the case with the guy you replied too
well, by all means, continue. lol
guy i replied to did say "i'm a trans man in a relationship with another man and We Have Sex How Lesbians Do so i didn't feel the need to leave"
i've heard lots of very similar things from trans men in formally women-only spaces
is trans men using cissexism to gain access to a space
what do you do about gender non binary people?
people are shoved into the same patriarchal boxes i mentioned
yeah, but "women's space" is binary
nonbinary people will end up being read as men or women (potentially fluctuating between the two), amab nonbinary people will end up being shoved in the Gross Weird Trannies box with the rest of us
i'm comfortable saying "women and women-aligned people"
personal historical context: i used to identify as genderqueer, but as an amab person nonbinary spaces were hostile towards me
i realised i was being lumped with trans women and then over time that didn't seem unnatural
those are just my angry separatist opinions
  +LadyCailin heh
I don't know why I'm still up :<
join ##transfeminism. We've got a really cool AMAB non-binary scene going on :>
i thought that to myself six hours ago. i'm at work now
  +LadyCailin ha
i mainly irc at work, i'm not sure it's safe to be on ##transfeminism. i can clear the chat in ##feminism but i can't hide it from my sidebar
joys of being ~stealth~
  +Euryale  eep!
could always tell them that it's this shiny new fourth-wave feminism thing ;)
fuckit okay
just link them to A Cyborg Manifesto and tell em it's about that
  +epi  hi
or you could just tell them that you're only there 'cuz you're my friend and I invited you
One Of The Good Ones, hooray
epi!
does it feel to be a NiceGuy(tm)?
know... you gals r alright!! you're not like those Crazy Feminists who hate people like me!! i like it here haha
anybody wanna be friends on snapchat? :)
would if I had a snapchat
mostly use my snapchat for sending selfies to my girlfriends tbh, it's a good service
got a kik lmao
Some dude asked me that in a PM the other day
people are gross
was being polite and answered his first, legitimate question, but then that was his first response.
the fucking men, I tell ya.
That's the mating call of the straight white boy.
a kik and why is it gross?
an IM app
is notoriously used for hooking up and sending dick pics
  +Euryale  eeew
nice tropical banana-ey tea.
tea? that sounds odd and strange
can't remember what it's called, but it's from T2.
left my desk key at home so I have no tea today :(
office rolly cabinet was locked at one point.
turned it upside down to unlock it.
was empty. :(
can open them that way?
always picked them the horribly slow inefficient way .-.
  +libbies  interesting.
i'm super curious about the secure shred cabinets at work
assume the locks are better on those though <.<
yeah right
question, but where's Misandry Monday? :|
Ops decided it was too quiet, so it's an experiment :P
most of the people talking today have voice anyway.
re: the "secure" cabinet thing... I think my new cabinets at home would be vulnerable to the same thing
job I don't care about the security aspect of them...  they stay unlocked with the key in anyway
could probably unlock one with less effort with a strong magnet on the outside
if it came down to it, i would just pick the lock
you get the added bonus of practicing a useful skill :D
locks is a fun pasttime
  iocis so
more mm
  +DrYucatan  ?
monday
I know. Why is there no more Misandry Monday?
operators thought it was too quiet in here
i thinmk it should be in a saturday or friday or so
is tough for a lot of people
is everyone today?
I stayed up far too late last night, so I'm pretty drained right now.
a good mood though
for good moods :) i stayed up way too late also.. kicking myself for it
if day light savings time in the US wasn't bad enough
my god... fuck DST
don't know how I'm going to spin this as a feminist issue but I'm gonna find a way
because I feel oppressed as hell ;)
working women's day only having 96% the hours of any other day? :-)
  +breakdancingcat  haha
hate dst too =.=
capital of my state is further east than the rest of the state
to nearly an hour
want DST, the rest of the state does not, but they are unwilling to divide the state by timezone
timezone is already only appropriate for the capital city anyway...
could we get a movement to just abolish it
TX legislature is actually discussing a bill to get rid of it in TX
just have obama support DST, then all the republican states will change it, then the democratic states can change it later.
hates DST!"
  +breakdancingcat  hahaha
  +breakdancingcat  perfect
  +LadyCailin omnomnom
crispy treats are delish
  Wimin hi
  +breakdancingcat  hi!
everyone
well!
is over!
about you
should replace International Women's Day with International FGM Day, where females of all ages are forced to have their vaginas cut up by a man chosen from a public vote known as the 'Vagina Destroyer'
breakdancingcat, jealous that your monday is over
is still going strong lol
are the same as dogs

are bitches
is yours over
it's definitely still monday. I'm jealous.
like 9 hours
women need to stop bitching over FGM, it's just a vagina
  +breakdancingcat  D:
  +Keilana  (technically)
is a manhating movement
have 2.5 hours left
can do it!
can do it LadyCailin!!!
sooo tired though. lol
nap would be fantastic right now
saw a Buzzfeed thing about “what kind of tea should you drink right now” and I think that is the solution to my tiredness
don't see how naps are built into the work day yet
an extension of lunch
I don't either.
women are retarded
would BE AWESOME
they had a thing where you could go to take a nap

are so good for you
should get back in the kitchen and make men sandwiches
japan or something
own women
GorillaWarfare worked at a place where they had a nap room with a hammock
was SO JEALOUS
woman is just the skin around the vagina
nap pods!
snapchat me from the hammock and I’d be, like,, in the lab

  +Keilana  okr
  +Keilana  *ikr
  Wimin cunts
let’s see what tea I should be drinking right now
  Wimin cunts
women are garbage
the excess skin around a vagina
it informs me I should be drinking green tea
Earl Grey
my roommates love earl grey and it’s basically the only tea I don’t drink!
smell is weird to me
green tea is my favorite, matchta is pretty good and stimulating
  +LadyCailin well.
CUNTS
HOPE YOU ALL GET RAPED
Grey with lavender is delicious too
lavender raspberry is awesome too
never actually had matcha, breakdancingcat
the powdered Japanese green tea, right?
recently been enjoying jasmine tea
jasmine green tea or jasmine something else tea?
buy a bunch of loose leaf teas from a place called jasmine pearl
dammit LadyCailin
i get mine from adagio.com
friend buys from upton tea
don’t need a new place for addiction!
very good
  +LadyCailin haha
  nuit  green
yay
buddies! :D
  +breakdancingcat  \o/
I just bought jasmine green tea and it’s fab! I think I’m going to make a cuppa now :D
CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS
CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS
CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS
CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS CUNTS
of jasmine, my favorite is green tea pearls with jasmine
  +breakdancingcat  mmmm
can be a bit overwhelming if its ur firsttime drinking teas like that i think
stop
  +epi  wowarequest
yeah, it was pretty overwhelming, I’ve been steeping it a bit less than recommended so it’s not as strong while I get used to it ol
click links
not from known trolls...
it's a pm log to someone who didnt reply
like she read my mind
because he spammed the channel, which was automatic
hoping someone reads it so that maybe i can be accepted in here
at least not immediately dismissed
some abcolutely irrelevant reason
the misandry monday stop?
first had jasmine tea at a lovely Chinese restaurant and had been searching for it for YEARS... i finally learned what it was and it's expensive ;_;
it kinda is
  +breakdancingcat  jensechu!!!
jensechu!
friends
I saw your FB post and decided to come in!
<3
like a huge amount of the #girlgamers are in here too haha
nice
don’t think we’ve met, jensechu o/

  +LadyCailin heh
  +Keilana  ooooooooooooo
is that your main site?
  +LadyCailin yep
  +breakdancingcat  bookmarked
nothing particularly special about them, probably, but they are high quality, and I do recommend them.
automatron is banning by IP when a hostname ban is needed
like the bot is doing it's job now
the bot have a gender?)
read it as “auto matron"
  +libbies  s/it's/her/
am gonna play Monster Hunter later if anyone wants to join~
I wish I could. I only own the older one for the 3ds
it is a 3ds version!
maybe if you grab it then next time
I know the new one can play online, I haven't gotten it because I don't really know anyone who plays
horde of us play in #girlgamers
a man is threatenin
very life today
went to take the trash out
he said it's GARBAGE DAY
DAY GARBAGE DAY
  upholderof  ?
DAY
STAIN
just a day away
DO THE FORK IN THE GARBAGE DISPOSAL
  bajin :o
  +Dirigible  so
DING DING DING DING DING DING DING
bought a swiffer today
swiffer
  +Keilana  fance
it came with like everything but the actual swiffer...
tell if i'm being punked
just half a stick and the little dry/wet pads
  +Keilana  uhh
supposed to come with the thing
got a bad swiffer :(
weird
existant swiffers are pretty much the worst
packaging was perfect and everything, not like it had been opened before
should be able to return it then, yeah?
took it
plan to
swiffer scam
to door swiffers
..half a stick?
like
can see how you could easily accidentally just buy the pads
half a stick is bizarre
know how there are two stick pieces that click together?
well i assume there are two stick pieces..
there should definitely be two haha
there are
have a sqiffer
new squid name
  +Dirigible  lol
should have named the squiffers
swiffer only came with the top stick
I was a squid and someone called me that I'd be like "yeah m8"
  +Keilana  squiffer
  +GorillaWarfare *them
am
am not really but i mean squid would be a top 3 pet
are top t2
we’re not…uh…talkinga bout live squids
  +Dirigible  2
like 8 FOOT LONG GIANT SQUID PLUSHIES
YISS
that would be cool, I want one
dogs and sloths
puppies
that a list
and owls
dogs, and sloths
that was to u dirigible not keilana
  +Dirigible  lol
yess
I meant h*ck
yeah
teaching the gang how to make horchata and they're teachin me how to make yogurt
yog*urt
i still haven't gotten any horchata
doing it on the weekend if you buy a ticket now you can make it
get on that
i'll need a passport eh
  upholderof  orrrrr
could just float here!
an air ship!
but how are you all gonna make horchata at my level
i dock won't they kick me out
will be weird and gritty
jetlag you'll be ready for this
live with jetlag as is~
  +Dirigible  lol
  +GorillaWarfare D:
##GorillaBot
  +GorillaWarfare whoops
heh, not an instruction, just a mistyped command
  upholderof  lol!
SAYD IT that settles it, i beleives it
  +Dirigible  o.O
mean you can join if you want, but you'd just be watching me test an IRC bot haha
  +Dirigible  omfg.
  upholderof  lol
  +GorillaWarfare :/
a great statistic
feel like that's what infographics are made for
i hate infographics
people got mad at me when I said that the bourgeoisie are overwhelmingly men
the hell denies that upholderof
on the internet
know how it is
  +Dirigible  smh.
the male bourgeoisie :P
  upholderof  haha!
eyes are bumblebees flying into the window of my heart"
is that from?
age 2
I don't like the bioware RPGs all that much
that?
been a while since I have played one, and I've only finished the first Mass Effect, but mostly it's just that heroic fantasy isn't really what I enjoy
how many wimminz are in the game and how into it women are
heard some saying that bioware == the new girl games
  Argent_ lol
we get games too?!
poor menz, though... it's too bad they're physically incapable of enjoying anything remotely feminine.
must be miserable.
that women like suddenly becomes feminine
think gamers would be excited that games are inclusive... and that they'd have something in common with their target demographic.
what world are you in
--->>>> Feminism Fraud - The Myth of Male Privilege and Gender Inequality Exposed
  +Dirigible  lmfao
gamers have been exclusive since before they saw women as a threat to gaming
We should have a big for-women-only hardcore slasher/horror movie fest and hold it /every year/. The prospect of ruining things for dudebros appeals to me.
sounds doable if horror/slasher films were consistently awful wrt women
  +Dirigible  weren't*
know ;_;
maybe we should have an anime fest instead!
hear gamers /like/ anime!
Yeah, they have, but are slowly becoming more inclusive.
like when something is proven by a outube video
POZ'D
I honestly don't understand how people can be against that.
because you're a dude :P
you hear that the two misogynists trying to make that feminist frequency ~expose~ broke up
  +Dirigible  hilariously
  upholderof  lol
frequency?
anita sarkeesian's thing
put the team on her back
  upholderof  rofl
  +Dirigible  yepep
god
  +Dirigible  lirlirlirlirlirl
nice
aurini is a fucking character
white turtleneck is killing me
THE NAME DAVIS
god, that guy
bald fucker
looks like a mii
a foreskin for a turtleneck
wow.
is this teaser even about
wonder if a few of these people didn't know they were in a sexist documenty
think at least that justine girl does
seems familiar
no watergate because of women who talk about video games
this asshole who's trying to say how progressive game devs are on trans liberation is a total trans phobe
  +Euryale  oh?
fuck that shit
  +Dirigible  yep
and this one person is really borrowing credibility from 'occupy
  +Dirigible  omfg
know someone who put occupy on a resume
is awwwwwwwwfuuuuuuuuul
upholderof really
this supposed to be like... really deep?
  +Dirigible  lirl
I feel deep...
  +Euryale  like...
I feel the producers were /extremely/ deep
is pretty deep for a video game commentator
over their heads, heyooooo
prefer game overthinker
just... I hate everything about gamer culture
would agree but I like anita sarkeesian :P
HEAR THAT LURKERS?
you have a bunch of losers who spend their entire lives passively consuming video games and pretending that it makes them manly men with manly l33t skillz
maybe lil trolly lurkers
me if you aren't based and don't like anita sarkeesian
  upholderof  lol
is the purpose of modern feminism in comparison to early american 20th century feminism (pushing for suffrage and equality in the workplace)?
you think there's equality in the workplace right now as it stands?
course not
would anyone think so?
purpose of modern feminism is to abolish patriarchy.
statistics show that pay isnt equal at least
that more or less clear?
and women don't get promoted like men do
and women face all kinds of sexual violence in the workplace
and women are expected to present in a high-maintinance, sexualized manner
makes sense, do you consider most feminists to be radical?
what you mean by radical. Do you mean "looking for the root of the problem"?
so, I think a plurality of feminists are radical, but perhaps not 'most'
is a poor operator.
  +KatelynQBS imo.
as in the political definition, so drastic change
used the political definition
feminists want to drastically change western society socially
Going from patriarchy to no patriarchy is fairly drastic because it affects everyone.
not the practically used version continuously, so it's problematic imo
mean I'll readily say I'm a radical feminist but it doesn't really... necessarily mean anything
work government an healthcare would all face serious changes.
are you a radical feminist?
there an idea to hold an Ask A Feminist day once a year
this channel, that is
held those in real life and it was cool
feel like that's a great idea.
not meaning it genuinely.
  upholderof  lol
as a way to shut people up when they want to get The Feminist Opinion or want us to do their homework.
back on January 7th, our annual Ask A Feminist day."
what's the point of a feminism channel if there aren't any questions being asked
the got-dang rules.
looking for ##questions
would just be a bunch of people complementing each other and not really expanding on anything in particular
see you on January 7th
yet it isn't.
channel isn't here to persuade to educate on demand.
by and for feminists.
or educate*
want to ask a lot of questions but you haven't answered if you were a radical feminist?
feminist~
  getthepopelaid  me?
haven't gotten all the way through this yet.
Anita Sarkeesian's first bit is good.
just like BAM FUCK ALL YALL
could feel some of that white lady "but make-up IS empowering" uncomfortable tension all the way across the internet.
have to understand getthepopelaid, but someone comes in every week asking the same questions, And these answers are widely held.
widely avaialble/
me? <-- another question B)
what's the point of a feminism irc if there isn't any discussion going on?
if it was a zelda chat room and once a week someone came up and said "HEY IS THE GREEN GUY ZELDA OR IS THE GREEN GUY LINK"
  +Dirigible  lol
were discussing the role of neo-reactionaries in the increasingly gendered mainstream discourse surrounding media criticism before you showed up.
my understanding having a chatroom is to chat about the subject that it's about
YOU FUCKED IT ALL UP
add upholderof: imagine if it was a zelda chat room and once a week someone came up and said "HEY IS THE GREEN GUY ZELDA OR IS THE GREEN GUY LINK"
you're assuming that we don't already have discussions without your ~gracious presence~
apologies for hijacking the place
bruh
was kinda fucked up but you promptly recognized it
stop yelling
can pm me if you have any questions and I'll give you an answer. It won't be great but it might get you started
is great, Keter
is that Sarkeesian?
buddy!
  +Dirigible  www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jzcs4ti_bdI&t=18m11s
hard!
  +Dirigible  YEAH
gonna watch the panel
was legit surprised
feel bad for not knowing more about her or her politics now
also wrote her off as a choice feminist but this is because I'm a dude and can't see nuance
is entirely possible that she's growing right before our very eyes
is right to be attacked by the enemy
this real or photoshop
at university of oklahoma removing SAE
good either way
wish I could go to a conference like this this is rad
shit anita is going against capitalism and citing bell hooks
need to finish it tomorrow
later in the week
should get some sleep
that beauty rest
upholderof
you get to be so cool
  +Dirigible  jw.
so?
that's a serious question the answer is always marx lenin and mao
  +Dirigible  lol
it's a non serious question the answer is always lil b
  +Dirigible  lirl
  +Dirigible  emelem
rest doesn't cure male pattern baldness MISANDRY
it makes your male pattern baldness more pretty
point
asleep, but it's really cool how a youtuber is playing ball with these professionals.
  +Dirigible  lol
all!
god i just found out tony abbott's boxing nickname from when he was in england =.=
is very very racist
  +LambdaSix  Fitting.
just saw scrollback. what is the point of a feminist channel if not to answer dude’s 101 questions on demand? it is literally inconceivable. >_>
  modulus x
  modulus apologies
all
o/
Keilana
goes, OffensiveUser
checking out some goblin works i'm loving it, hows u
as per usual :P
12 million things to do today
  +Keilana  \o/
too much snooze alarm today
  upholderof  shittt
medical students answered medical questions correctly more often than their male counterparts, but expressed less certainty about their answers
not looking forward to being with male med students
premeds are bad enough
sounds like a really tough course of study, from outside.
sounds really tough from inside too haha
it’s ~*really cool*~
get to learn EVERYTHING about how bodies work
is SO COOL
you going to become Beverly Crusher?
med students i know are queer
helping people get better must be great imo, as well as that, knowing the body intimately. i used to dream of it when i was child but can't really do it due to disability
just realized that
DrYucatan
I don’t know any other queer med students or premeds :(
I want to treat queer people~
:( :( :(
well tbh from what med students tell me its mostly just learning stuff by heart
not that different from law in that sense
- yeah, it happens
well, but the things you learn are pretty different, like learning shapes of bones in anatomy and things like that is pretty different from memorising a statute
because bones are freaking awesome :P
definitely
are SO COOL
think I was the first trans woman that a lot of the doctors and nurses in the hospital dealt with when I was in there a few days ago.
noooo Mrenda D: were they shit to you?
you okay?
Keilana, they were pretty great. One nurse in particular was outraged about how hard it was to change my name on my files.
good!
hope you’re feeling better :3
IS it so hard to change names on files
she made sure that even if it couldn't be officially changed that everyone used the name I go by.
write a new name
good n_n
They need the legal documents.
a pain
at least they used the right name
are good to have on your side….they’re scary
wow where do u live
when the local Bishop started spouting mumbo jumbo at me, and I gave him shit back all the nurses were high fiving and laughing about me putting him on the spot.
Ireland.
trans people i know complain about medical stuff
that’s awesome Mrenda
except for the bishop bothering you.
what modulus said
asked him what his opinion on the pope comparing me to nuclear weapons was and he almost fell over his dress trying to get away from me. :P
  +Keilana  omg
think what was most striking was the contrast between the bishop walking straight up to me and mumbling shit, presuming I'd want it, and a religious patient who concentrated more on what was wrong with me and how I was feeling, before giving me a little religious medal that she said got her through one of her previous serious illnesses. The difference between a priest presuming they're needed and a regular woman just
owned
regular woman just'
got cut off. :3
  +epi  mrenda++
to comfort someone.
the different between a formalised structure of religious rules and someone finding comfort in times of difficulty.
  +epi  yeah
think when I was spoke about it before I said that the woman was acting far more like I imagine Jesus actually would.
who use their religion to give comfort and healing are way better than religious bureaucrats
you could tell it wasn't the religiosity of it driving her, but the wanting to help and assure me.
people like that tend to be good regardless of religion
I had a bunch of panic attacks a couple weeks ago and needed to stay home from my Arabic class and my prof gave me a hug and said she prayed for me and that was really sweet
like the 80+ year old Catholic couple who released a video recently here saying everyone should vote for same-sex marriage because they want everyone to be able to have the relationship they've enjoyed.
adorable
couples who are still madly in love are adorable
my grandparents)
nanna and poppa bicker like, well, an old married couple
they're sweet :3
about the fox news
:3 :3
was really tough seeing all the dementia patients. :(
._.
sections on retirement houses are extremely depressing places, working in places like that must be hella tough
an old friend was working in the hospital (we met when I went in and we've stayed connected) she was saying how she can understand how there's so much patient abuse in those areas because it's so easy to dehumanise dementia patients.
a friend who's studying to be a nurse and he started just doing an apprenticeship in a kids cancer ward and ive no idea how he can cope on a daily basis with that but i guess some people just can
develop some fucked up coping mechanisms
confirm. Was an EMR>
thinking of getting some of my photos printed as a thank you to the people who visited me in the hospital, two friends and my mother.
  yashi hello
yashi
any of y’all read this article/book? I’m planning to read it this weekend
read it. to my shame i didn't notice the pronoun thing.
i read some review of it.
it a good book?
mostly took it as fun space opera and reflections about AI and group minds.
def liked it.
  +Keilana  cool
it’s worth my $10?
love space opera tbh
say it is, yeah.
yeah. imma buy it.
you like space opera then you can't go wrong.
  +Keilana  :D
you~
  modulus :-)
read the book
  +libbies  oh
left
  Spider-Byte Hi
Spider-Byte
  +Euryale  hello
time I mixed up the word for “fuck” and for “sleeves"
in Korean I mixed up “bitch” and “shoes"
as an 8-year-old French student, I said I liked to put condoms on my toast.
I dunno what's so weird about that. I do that all the time :1
nom o=nom*
mean, I was trying to say jam
poor teacher, trying to not die laughing
that's all kinds of disturbing imagery
only one i know of was me confusing poisson and poison in french
did it until recebtly
that’s also pretty easy
you could say you killed him in a fit of poison...
vs desert are pronounced almost identically
tame impala is kinna catchy
tame impala?
  le_noob_haxor band
genre?
tame impala
on the album, really
alt rock
would best describe i
  le_noob_haxor it
  le_noob_haxor psychedelic
and earlier were really psychedlic rock type stuff
was more pop/electro rock
abhor alternative rock.
shanom
impala is gr8
don't think so buddy
you hear the new song
  eegor no
album do you like
what type of music do you prefer?
Classical or jazz.
  le_noob_haxor understandable
ive only listened to innerspeaker more intensively
is best
the new song called
listened to it exclusively for about 6 weeks straight
It Happen
is dancy
is good
is catchy and ok but not really my fav
to innerspeaker era it is definitely nowhere near my fave but i still like it a lot i think
finally
believe that song is 2 years old
mario day, americans
guess maybe not just americans
the marvin gaye song is actually soo good
  upholderof  heyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
  bajin yyyyyyy
bajin
was your day
bad
toi
  +Dirigible  ok
pissed off someone really bad apparantly
that lady who we drove to the hospital is well and gave us flowers and hugs !
that's great
  bajin :)
this takes a right wing turn lol
  +Euryale  ugh...
forgot how goddamn misogynistic popular music is >:[
to top it off, there's this disgusting MRA-esque lawyer ad
a divorce lawyer for MEN!
men, you know how the ladies screw you around in court!
unfair~
wtf
  +Euryale  yup
morning
  +Euryale  morning
:V Listen to the European ones~
fellow.
lol wow the fuck
u a menz
u angri at womminz? we r the lawyers for u"
this is a story all about how my life got flipped turned upsidedown
  +libbies  upholderdown
  upholderof  lol
is my new thing,sneak home at lunch and watch two eps of fresh prince
news is apparently talking about how nerds are being ‘colonised’ and ‘oppressed’ by non-nerds coming to work in the tech industry.
lord
  nuit  techno-monks
a non-nerd ?
keep using that word "oppression", I do not think it means what they think it means.
from context i think it means “women”.
i'm a woman in tech
that make me an oppressor o__o
tech girls, with make up, and funny shoes.
  +LadyCailin yup
you are oppressing the menz
story, Grace Hopper invented compilers
honestly, tech is a woman's job anyways.
were probably nerds back then arguing that real nerds would just use machine code and she’s a fake geek girl or something.
Hungarian tech lecturer of mine called his daughter Ada.
lol, probably
love it!
is such a great name, and Ada Lovelace is such a great woman.
I misread that for a moment and thought you were studying Hungarian.
he was the most adorable lecturer, so enthusiastic and all about making technology about people and what it can enable.
slightly disappointed now. :P)
rocked, always going on about how cars were evil and how much he loved buses.
a Classics lecturer of mine named his daughter Alex after Alexander the Great. :P
head of classics at my university apparently designed the introductory course to end at the beginning of alexander the great’s reign because “he ruined everything”.
was in secondary school. For every first class he had with a group he'd bring in a Greek shortsword and demonstrate on people how the Greeks typically stabbed people in their fighting.
actually stabbing them though. Just to be clear.)
  eegor aw
i feel like detention would be more appropriate as a first step
don't think I ever saw someone misbehave in his class, everyone loved it. And were guaranteed to be bloodthirsty by the end of the first month.
guess it’s a good way to get the attention of a class full of teenagers :P
was perfect for the 15/16/17/18 year old age bracket. His Roman poetry classes focused on love and sex.
  insomnia  elevensies.
for lunch.
 team meeting cancelled.
always feel the opposite
be that i'm in phone customer service
an hour off the phones is joyous
i could see that.
work 8-5, this meeting is 5-6.
when it gets canceled, I'm happy.
was at a meeting and there was this man who was talking alot. interupting and looked like he felt really important. What motivated him? Been thinking about that all day. What do you think?
he important?
thing of it is, our meetings are from 2-3.  I get off at 3.  Some of the team gets off after.  You can tell who the people are who get off after 3, they tend to drag the meeting on with trivial questions/interruptions.
ego?
he was not important. He was just a student and he interupted the teacher too.
one of the worst meeting "things" is when you're all set to wrap up, about to get out of the chair, and someone goes, "Oh, but what about...." and you have to sit down again.
sometimes insecurities cause people to overcompensate.
perhaps he was insecure. Compensating with trying to be important is a bad idea but perhaps he did not know that.
unconscious behavior.
felt really bad when I saw it because I think I have done that too.
probably have as well.
can't fucking believe that someone sued Robin Thicke over copyright infringement re: Blurred Lines
your disgusting song was written by /me/!"
I'm new here so my snark detection might be off, but is that what you think the case boiled down to? The lyrics?
it was marvin gaye's estate
  +Euryale  <.<
been dead a v. long time >.>
/estate/? Oh, jesus.
didn't even know he was deceased.
I think it was Pharrel and Thicke who preemptively sued...
me look that up.
question isn't whether or not the lyrics were lifted but I can't imagine anyone in their right mind wanting to be publicly associated with that awful thing
in that case
was a countersuit.
are just /weird/ to me.
the family was pressuring from before that.  Thicke and Williams wanted a judgment on the merits of their case.
I think it's acceptable for the Gaye estate to sue over copyright infringement, regardless of the content of the infringing piece of work.
weren't seeking 'credit' so much as they were seeking justice for people who profited off of musical plagiarism.
  +DrYucatan  Justice?
close to Justice as possible.  Lower-case 'j'.
just don't see how musical plagiarism really matters  that much unless you're stealing a starving artist's work.
brooklyn at
miss brooklyn so much :(
  bajin :(
miss court street grocers, i miss buttermilk channel, i miss my friends i'd hang out and play vidya games with, i miss the the furries there i played board games with, i miss my cousins and their backyard bbqs in the summer, i miss wandering around in cobble hill and finding that comic book store that i can never remember the location of
em with that hilltop flavor
sleep til brooklyn
been to bensonhurst
briefly brownsville
  bajin lol
you live in the city now?
miss...whenever I try and say that I miss a place, it's never entirely accurate because it feels like I don't have enough memories to actually miss anything.
  bajin :|
bup
Dirigible!
  +Dirigible  hullo
i rewatch The Prince of Egypt?
that about
was an animated film in the 90s that i loved
it's getting a lot of.. something.. on the internet now
Exodus being hilariously mayo-slathered shit
are talking about how great prince of egypt was (which i never knew)
the voice actors in PoE are white, looks like
except danny glover
there ever princes in egypt? i thought shit was all about pharohs and shit
idea
film is an adaptation of the Book of Exodus and follows the life of Moses from being a prince of Egypt to his ultimate destiny to lead the children of Israel out of Egypt."
gang
upholderof
have my permission
leave the kingdom of egypt
the car leasing thing is going quick
stopped in to a place today after work with questions and left having filled out a credit app :s
Glover did voice work for Prince of Egypt?
was Tzipporah's father?
Glover as Jethro, Tzipporah's father and Midian's high priest.
Kilmer and Patrick Stewart were in it, too? Dafuq.
  +Dirigible  lol
been years since I've seen this movie, clearly.
remember absolutely nothing about it
watched the cartoon PoE if that's what we're talking about
  +Dirigible  yep
animated film
if there was a tv cartoon
feature length but not actually disney brand
fix your dang connection
the fuck am i even in here?
goodness
  upholderof  bruh
god cured my blindness how the fuck am i even using a computer right now
  upholderof  lol!
to all the girls around the world for inspiring people! Thanks to all the dudes in the world for helping! Thanks to the world - Lil B
be on international working women's day
lil b
  +Dirigible  omg
hip-hop work in particular is often described as "based""
what's a good introduction song to lil b
god
you're riddim
I'M god
is bond
like roc nation and i love jay z
right now i'm saying FUCK K-D!
Dirigible
wait i scrolled up a heap
  +epi  sory
  +epi  sorry*
  +Dirigible  confuse
application
  +Dirigible  oooh
  +Dirigible  thanks
think that part will be fine but i feel like i'm missing stuff
am sometimes too thorough in examining things so when something feels easy i think i am missing something big
i'm gonna sign up to lease a car and then realise "oh crap! i have 3 kids!" or something
  +epi  heh
have 0 kids)
are you 5% ?
no
shit is dead here
atl there's some in the inner city still tho
pretty small everywhere except mecca I think
forgot all their names 4 cities in the us
mecca nyc or detroit
  upholderof  nyc
7th Ave., NY, NY
actually thought pretty highly of them when i was younger, they did some good in my community in the 90's but straight disapeared by the end of the decade
wow they still have big concerts with big daddy kayne, papoose, Ms Badu...
and Brand Nubian
daddy kane u mean?
was all this octobetr
my typing is falling apart. my computer is on the floor and I'm on the bed
know ppl who've met him, he lives in nc now
wild!
have B Allah's home phone number somewhere
lol. how'd u get that
u in canada?
  upholderof  yes
used to organize with some NOI guys up here
call a coworker big daddy kane because of his last name
one gets the reference
  bajin >whitepeople.avi
b i g d a double d y k a n e
  riddim  dramatic
  riddim  asianic
many
man
don't compare me 2 another
they wanna hang, word 2 the mother
met them at a queer liberation event/rally and we thought they were sunni muslims but after talking to them we were confused until it clicked in the car that they were NOI
just imagine bajin as this asian hip hop head constantly spitting lines from classic albums 2 white ppl and they're just like nodding their heads. then they go w their white friends and r like what'…
that bajin character always saying?
  +Dirigible  lol
reminds me of someone i used to know
badass upholderof
i actually made a quote database of
i miss them
we formed an student org and we had brown black and bengal liberation and I was the white dude who's job it was was to talk to the university authorities when shit went down
  +Dirigible  lol
we call u a bag holder
  upholderof  HAHA
  +Dirigible  hahahaaha!!
  +Dirigible  LOL
  +Dirigible  bagholderof
  +Dirigible  upholderofbags
  +Dirigible  ahahahaha
  bajin lol
we getting pulled over, make the white guy hold it
used to also do that for the feminist org, when the cops corralled them into this room and wouldn't let them advertize their event via pamphlets or sidwalk chalk I just walked in, took the pamphlets,s walked out and started tabling
men are literally ghosts to angry pig
they justify censuring a feminist group like that?
the same way they were trying to justify making my femorg concede space to anti-abortion protesters
tespass
  bagholder *tresspass
  +Dirigible  hahahaha
had a gag order on talking about politics or healthcare outside of their room at the university, only body image was allowed
disrespecting patriarchy and property
match made in heaven
mah propertah
Not if she refuses to respect me >:[ /s
  bajin :(
mah freaking tea
police chief is quitting
Skwid
  Skwid Hello
im not a feminist, Im just looking to talk with some
probably not a great way to introduce yourself :p
certainly sets a certain tone, at least
Im not exactly sure
probably all going to be wondering what exactly you want to argue with us about, because that's what seems to happen when someone says those exact words you did
have you read the rules?
what's the beef
a great idea
was hoping to find the things I agree with more so
be happy to help you out, but it just so happens that 8 times a week someone comes in here with the exact same opening line and they stink up the place for about 20 mins and either leave or get banned. Don't be a statistic.
had no clue
seem at least 10% more chill than the average non feminist who wanders in so I'm pretty optimistic.
you know about patriarchy?
do
you elaborate more on it though, I always feel like Im missing out on something when I hear about Patriarchy even though I do know the definition of it
Skwid
  Skwid Ok
the links
your vegetables
your shorts
just feel like the feminist Ive seen on the internet so far are giving others a bad name
em ay oh
the ones on youtube
are the bad ones
ARE THE FEMINISTS THE INTERNET WARNED YOU ABOUT
ALL MEN
CIS SCUM
  Skwid lol
someone say 'Kill All Men'?
for real
  +Dirigible  :D
I'm getting hungry
for them male tears
scared
now skidaddle
when the tears are not forthcoming, blood is an acceptable substitute!
  +Dirigible  lolll
ones who suggest video games treat women as subjects of history are pretty polite compared to us
must be pretty evil then
hard for you
about that pandering, squishy feminism in here
he might decide to be an 'equalist'
only killed 4 menz today, far short of my quota ;___;
and then I will have to eat him
EGALITARIAN
go hard like real hard
guessing you have better things to do then criticize video games though
listen to beyonce
pocket
and steal
abortions
funsies
  +Dirigible  friendzone
people seem fun
capitalism
block cocks all day
yeah
why the call me the bag holder
knight level 100
  +Dirigible  hahahaha!
  +Euryale  :>
check the links we sent and become a feminist and come back later
remember, only block the boy cocks
you guys pro-sjws ?
real I don't mess with anyone's game unless they are cis het
  +Dirigible  lmao
of us just aren't social justice warriors
  +Euryale  :>
  +Dirigible  SJW
JUSTICE MAGE RIGHT HERE
want to know if I should live now or not
UP
  Skwid lwave*
the fuck out
socialist class war veterans
THE FUCK DID YOU JUST SAY TO ME?
OUT
  +Dirigible  OUT
OUT GET OUT
I should go then
THE LINKS
THE RULES
  +Dirigible  SCRAM
  bagholder &RLES
  bagholder f'koff
i feel old
making a budget
  +Dirigible  ;o;
do it for a living :P
me
am i forgetting to budget
prob
be a statistic"
  +locas  alas.
not banned
frequency do you get paid?
2 weeks
- what frequency do you pay rent/mortage?
once a month
that's cool
@ skwid's exit
split it between housing expenses, debt payments, and Other Shit
you do it in those broad categories?
used to get paid weekly and i had all my little things planned out
payments were usually mapped as Rent, Student Loans, and Credit Card
payments are cool
Card = like everything
  +Dirigible  ikr
  bagholder right
I have atrocious credit. I need a credit card.
card is why I have good credit.
of people can say the opposite though.
the way I like to think of it, is pretend you only get paid 2x a month
though 2 months will happen where you get a 3rd pay
are for savings!
a self gift.
damn you're singing  my song
this economic situation new for you?
not quite? idk
am Not Bad with money but i have to be Good with money because i want a new car
ok
need to ensure i can make that payment
payment or monthly you're sayin?
all other payments were squishy, i can't have squishy anymore
  +Dirigible  monthly
made a mock? budget of estimated costs per month that i padded pretty well
i still feel like there is something i'm not accounting for
always is
every month is different
  +Dirigible  yeah!
one thing I've done before is take 2 weeks pay, subtract a rent, subtract food and toiletries etc
kinda hard
can be empirical kinda
i pay with everything i can on my credit card (so i can get magic points)
too
can you go over old statements or w/e?
i tag everything
you carry a balance on this card or pay it?
it off
on ok so yeah you can still run the numbers and see what's coming out of grocery store/ restaurants
  +Dirigible  hmm
i should make a separate savings account just for credit card
then push groceries/food to that once a month
ain't bad idea
maybe from the other check push utilities/gas/beer/games
I can go through the month of Jan and Feb and see what I spent on food and toiletries  on my online banking
too but i'm confused about what you're getting at
remainder is the stuff you can play with
gas game car - those are the ones, at least based on this limited perspective I have with no numbers infront of me, are the ones that are variable
my budget thingie i gave myself a chunk of "other" for .. other expenses and overages
is approximtely 1/3rd of my estimated monthly credit card
I see
like you have it straight
shit w squid had me laughing
  bagholder haha
  +Dirigible  lol
finished GorillaWarfare’s squid’s body the other night n_n
  +Dirigible  nice!
colors
thought u were talking about eating some leftover squid lol
i thought GorillaWarfare wrote a thing called "squid's body"
a short story or something
  bagholder haha
that movie jennifer's body replaced w a squid
  +Keilana  loooool
no I am making her a plushie squid
squid is matching mine, it’s pink with black-and-white polka dots
have matching squids, fuck yeah)
cute
are cool
always want to tell people irl how cool yalls are
makes terrible leftovers
  bagholder ^this
it’s the cutest fucking thing I have two giant squids just hanging out in my room
need to do the eyes tho
think I’ll do that now
them eyes!
I got a package from Shenzhen containing like 30 rolls of thread
  bagholder lol
  +Dirigible  Octiggles
ship it
ship it so fucking hard
  bagholder ^this
SQUAD
  bagholder FLOCKA
machine or by hand, Keilana?
maybe both
hand, meeple!
by hand
snap
taken me since January to do both squids sewing a couple hours a week
I have a lot of lectures to watch so…squidding is useful
  bagholder woah
  meeple  Nice
  +Keilana  n_n
you~
will try to upload one of the two squids when I’m done so ##feminism can appreciate the wonderful squidness
as I like to say
Squeens
you make other things as well or?
knit and crochet!
is my first really big sewing project :3
I can make granny square
embroidery work, some sashiko on my jeans lol
kind of things do you knit, like jumpers?
cool meeple!! I’ve always wanted to learn how to quilt
just finished a baby blanket for my boyfriend’s sister
nice
now I’m working on a patchwork blanket for our EMT quarters
a sweater is in the works!!
is sashiko?
a math person it blows my mind that someone can turn a string into a sweater
always forget you're a maths
I twist this fucking string up the right way it turns into a shirt
itself blows my mind
that pastebin alyx
meeple that’s AWESOME
  +Keilana  !!!!
that totally blows my mind too
I just fucking turned a really long piece of string into a pretty blanket for a little human
sashiko pieces in the Wikipedia article are really beautiful
textiles <3
y’all heard of tiraz?
I
really cool!!! so early Islamic textiles had this transition from the pre-Islamic iconographic textiles to calligraphic textiles
they had all sorts of political meaning and ended up being, like, a status thing
they’re textiles with beautiful calligraphy woven in
me find a pretty example
my god Wikipedia doesn’t have an article on Tiraz
what I’m gonna do tonight
  meeple  :)
seen pieces at textile museums, like the one in DC
need to go to there! I’ve never been to a textile museum!!!
sounds SO COOL
in San Diego, if memory serves
did you learn sashiko, meeple?
have an old quilting book w/ different styles from around the world and took patterns from it
I guess
used that image on a set of pillows for a relative (as a housewarming gift)
kind of materials do you use for plushy squids?
  meeple  Plushie
guys
ultra cuddle fleece!!!
cuddle fleece is the best
snuggly
first time here
misskaylafj
is nice but like
  +Dirigible  hot.
came from another site
time i bought fleece sheets
news.
 it's pretty cool, not a chat but a really good blog for us
woven fleece for baby quilts
 <--- check this out!
that a shock site?
don't click links from strangers
a shock site
you banned yet?
fleece is good for cuddling though
your loss
for body pillows
hot!
us ladies stuck together guess not
if you’re not wearing it??
HOT
all about that COOL COTTON
  +Dirigible  B)
  misskaylafj feministactivism.org
  misskaylafj feministactivism.org
  misskaylafj feministactivism.org
  +Dirigible  ugh
still have not had horchata
bringing it up that one time)
for baby quilts I like to use woven fleece
soft
is horchata
made another pitcher of it thistime with cheese cloth and everyone lvoed it
horchata
how does one start quilting?
you can quilt by hand?
  +Dirigible  YEAH
omg
can quilt by hand, yes, definitely.  My mother taught me how to sew ... and I started by picking a pattern from a book and gathering the materials (front, filling, back).
dinosaurs were socialist, radical trans-inclusionary feminists.
tended to focus a lot on nonbinary issues, whereas Sauropods were all about checking class privilege.
  +Keilana  omg
think I’m going to try quilting then meeple
  meeple  :)
it means I can collect fabrics n_n
love colors
i love collecting fabric
love collecting yarn so I figure I’ll love collecting fabric
forget you are the reason, together we can make the effort. We as because we are, if you don't love you are mislead, LOVE - Lil B
ANYONE LIKE TO SEE SQUID PHOTOS
yeah
one on the left is mine and the one on the right is GorillaWarfare's
only looks angry ‘cause her head folded weird when I put her down)
this is Octavia in a box
are kawaii
damn they're huge
they’re 8 ft long!
was expecting like a lil tiny thing. that's wild u made that
is named Squiggles and we are the Squid Squad and our squids are the Squisters
thanks riddim
been working on them since January!
project :)
squiss
  eegor squiss
  eegor squids.
  +Keilana  yeeeeee
i just helped my lil sis finish super mario sunshine, it reminds me of that squid u fight that shoots oil or whatever
  eegor blooper
  riddim  yep
  bagholder ##squidism
always hated killing it b/c once u start getting near the end it makes this sad sound like it's scared
  eegor :(
my boyfriend’s naming his squid Bloop
was also this theory from sonic where sonic's the bad guy
i watched another video that guy made about mario being a commie and it was so shitty
kind of hell bent luddite spreading terror into the land trying to industrialise with the help of a kind industrialist robotnik
even used a natbol flag instead of an actual commie flag
just linked the most garbage baby garbage on youtube I thinl
mostly went off the google search, this might not even be the right thing, but some folks were saying that mario is the bad guyy
think 1 of the most interesting video game theories is squall's journey in the last 3 discs of ffviii being his dying hallucination
  bagholder woah
never made it that far in that one, though I beat 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 and 10 and 12
to leave out 9
is good but kinda overrated by ppl looking back
u at least get 2 the end of disc 1 in ffviii?
I want to play those games for the story but actually doing it is sooo boring
u don't get down w grinding then play it hardcore and run away from all random fights. it makes boss fights way harder and u gotta use strategy
crystals get an airship kill the evil wizard blorzox
blorzox
the story for u until like 6 when it actually gets more interesting
I'm too much of a completionist to do that though
I'm compelled to do all the shit I hate doing
terrible
is probably still my fav actually what a great game
I played X I emulated it just so I could speed it up during random fights and running segments
is so deep
I really like it
story is just as confusing as viii but much more powerful
feel like it makes a lot more sense than viii
I've never beaten viii so I really can't say
x when tidus and yuna go swimming, or that ending
that ending about brings tears 2 me
same
only played very little of viii and it seemed like degrassi high with swords
  bagholder lol
favourites are 4 and 6
3d ones, especially 8 i found pretty.. chunky? I just never felt like I cared about anything and even the fighting wasn't fun to me
still remember when my friend bought 9 and i thought it was soo pretty~
I haven't given a fair shake because I was angry at 8
was insane if u take the story straight up. time compression, ppl going into space, crazy time paradoxes
had a weird twist near the end
played a lot of RPGs and always liked them, not so much western rpgs because I didn't do much PC gaming
love the ff games, i'm not a gamer really but i got love 4 jrpgs
dragon quest where u follow a kid's whole life, i think dqv, was really good 2
my fav non ff game
trigger imo
that is a good game
like the DQ where you are different characters including the shop keeper
the 1 right after the 1 i played i think
trigger ofc is 1 of the best games ever
an article that is written from a feminist perspective, about how women should take basic precautions to stay safe when traveling alone.
honestly, NYC scares me a bit, because when I lived there, I was a child. I was never alone in the city, but I'm going alone this time.
even wondering if it's a good idea to take my rainbow purse.
is wonderful, AbigailBuccaneer, I love it
du nimmst nur zu wenig ...
sorry
  +LambdaSix  'ey
  +LambdaSix  (Gutentag)
tried to explain that people misunderstand the instructions on instant coffee containers. When it says ther "use two spoons per cup" it means that you have to use two spoons of water on one cup of coffeepowder ;)
problem is that you're drinking instant coffee in the first place.
I'm not, but someone complained about the lack of caffeine, thats why I explained his mistake ;)
used to get coffee from a stall in the market on the way to work, now I don't and the occasionally coffee elsewhere is awesome
yeah, instant coffe is weird by itself
buy coffe here from two different roasters - no idea how that is called in english
  yashi hi
I want a coffee but the only things around is machine instant coffee
wrong with instant kobi?
the machine just can't make it worth a damn.
what is machine instant coffee?
such a big machine that throws out a plastic cup, then puts in some pwder and fills up with water?
I dunno, it's like a foil bag of coffee grounds (I think?) with a cotton filter at the bottom, the machine slices the bag and forces hot water into/through the bag to make a coffee.
a bit more sophisticated ...
one of those nestle things?
not like a big machine; it's more like a Tassimo or something I guess
dunno, we have such a nespresso machine here and some brewed coffee in a insulated can
i usually get one cup of really good coffee after lunch, and then later some at home
tried the nespresso stuff but it's way to expensive for my taste
Pratchett passed away. :(
think I need to reread some books. >_>
what
:(
  +DrYucatan  Source?
is revealing nothing to me.
announced a few minutes ago.
from his account and his daughter’s
  +DrYucatan  Sad.
  +AbigailBuccaneer :(
  tachikoma :(
  Eclipse What

  Eclipse This
hi
  +GorillaWarfare Hi
do you need?
  Eclipse idk
do we have a feminism channel
  +GorillaWarfare Uh
talk about feminism
  +GorillaWarfare Primarily
textiles
  Eclipse k
  Argent_ christ
  Mackan90096 Hi.
lirl
know where women belong?
  Mackan90096 Everywhere.
thanks for the update
that is a kitchen.
edgy
  insomnia  indeed.
the feminisms
would feminism again
  +libbies  lol
anti-textilists
meme
  Codmadnesspro lol
a man, will I be banned if I come here?
  Codmadnesspro lol
friday
insomnia, I just gave you voice because the channel is temporarily +m
  +insomnia oh.
 ty
sure if anyone else saw the question.
you'll probably want to repeat it
any other women here feel extremely isolated in their workplace?
is there anything I can realistically do about it?
don't work with any other women, and I'm the only person on my team in this office.)
does sound really isolating :/
half the time it's like fumbling around in the dark because I'm the only I.T. staff here and in this timezone
even when I do get to interact with team members, I feel out of place as the only woman.
out ur dongers
everyone
  +Keilana  morning
  +insomnia hihi
wish it were morning again so I could sleep in all over!
kr
wish i could sleep
wish i could
bajin
was your day
bad
tu
not bad
because for some reason my mood is elevated at work
  +insomnia :)
is in the air.
is in the air :<
contamination from Fukishima.
mine doesn't kick in til the middle of May.
that is.  Not radiation.
It's 21C here.
skipped spring
26 here.
is good temperature. 26C not so much.
regularly 44c here in the summer.
week we had about 8 inches of snow. This week we are at around 19C for the high.
shift!
  +insomnia wow.
make a huge snowman
with those temps at 44C I'd be living underground! Yeowch.
not that hot really.
newest post on there...
friend of mine got walked out on by a lesbian when she realized my friend was trans on their first date :/
upholderof
her loss. I'll bet your friend is great :>
all
mr-satan
you new here?
  mr-satan  yep
am
  +Euryale  welcome
  mr-satan  thanks
to see this place is active
nooooooo
anybody here watch Steven Universe?
feeling a need to talk about Steven Universe
watched a couple episodes when it first started and then never again
yes
reallllly like Steven Universe
don't have anything to actually say about it other than AAAAAAA IT'S SO GOOD!!
currently listening to the song from the latest ep on repeat
that sounds very autistic™ =p
do you find their OST!?
the music is by aivi & surasshu, they have a soundcloud and usually put up the music the day after the eps air
why does soundcloud sometimes autoplay and not others?
not... not autoplay?
linked to a specific song, so i guess there is an argument that it should autoplay. of course, the argument that it shouldn't autoplay is always stronger
AbigailBuccaneer: that sounds very autistic™ =p" - i need to stop listening to it before i wear it out
not autistic but i have noticed that i do many more autistic-seeming things than most people, and lots of people have guessed that i am autistic
y'know everything's a spectrum
  yashi hey
  +LambdaSix  *wave*
sup y0
tv ever, no movies, no pop music, no magazines"
sound very happy
doubt she will achive her goals this way
the first comment kind of brings it to the point - children and planning things for early education does not go together too well sometimes. As long as one copes with that and adjusts the plan (and not tries to force the child to adjust to the plan) that does work out ok in most cases in my experience
sie sind brilliante dichter!!!
sioory, that went to the wrong channel again
only that were true ;-)
a discussion about vogons there, i just needed to clarify that they are brilliant poets ;) <- and of course i now posted this sentence in the other channel - don;t chat and work at the same time tachikoma !
basically that was one of the reasions for me ending up in this channel here - i have two daughters and through them i became much more aware of what is wrong in the cureent society ...
that parenting question....
question to me smells of troll, but my trolldar is not always accurate
completed the hard part by choosing the ideal man to father my baby"
"solution" they propose sounds like the recipe for raising an ignorant narcissist that hates you....
can teach somebody to think critically about popular culture without isolating them from it
day i'm gonna be such a cool gay aunt
got all the best comic books and video games lined up to bestow upon my siblings' children
doubt I'll be allowed in my siblings lives
I am an aunt, if my sister-in-law wasn't super phobic of non-cishet things :(
:( :( :(
aunt told me that she didn't want to "expose me to her children" which is why she was disowning me.
la vie, I occasionally get forward pictures of her being adorably cute
  +LambdaSix  *c'est
I hope to some day be such a cool gay mom :D
i'm so sorry :(
:(
do sometimes think about what it would be like if me and my girlfriends were to raise a child. the answer is it'd be exactly like Steven Universe
ok, I have an awesome chosen family ^_^
one, y'all, for two, a bunch of really awesome local people
You know it ;)
thus feeding the cycle of self-hate in people who find they don't fit the One True Narrative they've been sold
want
is why I'm so anti-Christian, btw. My family justifies that with Christianity.
whole South justifies it with Christianity.
I'm pretty jaded by it.
when people here jump on me when I hate on religion... that's why.
this is why I'd generally consider myself anti-theist and anti-religion - it's a vehicle for importing/accepting beliefs without critical thought
have u considered: becoming a cool witch
  +LadyCailin haha
thats really sad and cruel to be told such a thing
I've since gotten over it. It's been nice actually, to no longer have family, in a way.
I'm no longer tied to staying here.
don't think I would be considering moving to Norway if my family hadn't disowned me.
  +DrYucatan  :<
I kinda view this as a positive thing.
needed to disown them anyways
a bunch of homophobic, transphobic, racist, misogynists.
what you write it sounds like you are better of this way
don't really have a family.
am, definitely.
feel lonely though.
have lost a few things, but.. I want to marry into a family that loves me.
kinda my goal.
I definitely know that feeling. But I have mostly successfully replaced my family with non-blood people.
you trust them?
relation is only "default family", it's not like they're necessarily going to be particularly good at it...
  +LadyCailin Yes
friend is my emergency contact and executor of my will
impressed you can find people you trust that much
her in particular I've been friends with for gosh... a decade
don't trust my family-in-law further than I can throw them. -.-
I have other friends that I trust a lot too
of choice > my non-family family :c
think i'm mis-calibrated... I'm always amazed that people trust me with things that I wouldn't trust them with :|
that happens.
Eh, that's about where I'm at, I trust almost nobody :3
trust BF not to out me to anyone I haven't OK and that's about it, also not to kill me in my sleep.)
I'd like to think so
  +LambdaSix  s/OK/OK'ed/
then there are no problems. You don't need to be trustful for someone to trust you.
are lots of very acceptable reasons someone may not trust me, even though I know I'm trustworthy, and that's ok.
just doesn't occur to me to ever screw anybody over on anything, but I manufacture endless scenarios where people could do it to me
it ends up feeling that all my relationships are asymmetrical and that I'm somehow not participating properly
can be difficult to maintain a relationship of trust if that happens, yes.
it's not wrong of you
example, I now have keys to the houses of two friends...
convenience/emergency reasons
it just really weirds me out for there to be another key to my house out there somewhere
does feminism not care about men as well? why do they still think in gender? there are also violant women and offenders.
  +LadyCailin !femops
get me wrong, i just think we need to think in human, not in gender.
story bro
many cookies do you want?
was told this channel was hateful, could you prove said user(s) wrong.
of proof
me?
you hear that?
high praise
in the main channel.
it was rhetorical, I have eyes.
main channel"?
== Hate
hate bigots, yes
hate.
case , as alyx_ said, utsShigh praise
  nuit  its
I was saying, can't shut out other's opinions.
your self high and mighty.
person asked a legitmate question and you shot them down.
no, his freeze peach!
demand to come over to his house whenever I so choose and ask him questions.
if he doesn't answer, or kicks me out, then he must hate himself.
burst into a conference room during a meeting and shout "PROVE TO ME YOU'RE NOT HATEFUL"
yeah, that's rational behavior.
  +libbies  lol
main channel?
#freenode
but i'm calling real life "the main channel" from now on
who knows
/r/outside
  +libbies  lol
you seen that? It's pretty hilarious actually.
wonder if they'll try again
there still anyone left for me to yell at? \
  +upholderof LIBBIES
so much louder in real life.  I can't make my irc letters big enough
it's funny that one of their alts (who was obviously them, given the ident) said "That person" as if they weren't the original troll -_-
lmao
like they've never used irc before
yeah, they are in #freenode
a million other places
they're chatting in there at least
  +GorillaWarfare ahh
are they complaining about us again?
to mods, I don't think
s/mods/staff/
the complaint?
is gender?
folk actually run the show around here
is unacceptable
right
  +upholderof boohoo
  +vell !!!
know vell, what the fuck?!
news, and evidence of the upcoming matriarchal rule
should make ##feminism2 and just bro out in there
your speech and your bros will follow
will consist entirely of men barging in and saying some shit about egalitarianism
  +LadyCailin lol
frustrated channel regulars try to discuss textiles
should have a bot who gives stock answers
these dudes will just yell about John Stewart Mill or whatever the fuck
we do talk about textiles a lot in here
textiles are fucking awesome <3)
a knitter!
  +upholderof yeeee
So I fold up the bottom of my jeans, because they're a bit too long, and I just unrolled them and found a leaf and some other junk in the fold
  +LadyCailin #foulbachlorettefrog
  +upholderof lol
did that with snow recently
like extra pockets!
except the last time I was in leaves was several days ago, so...
leaf is not new. >.<
  +vell gross
know
  +LadyCailin lol
  +upholderof haha
you can wear everyday forever though
  +vell #eternaljeans
I'm very particular about pants.
like tight, stretchy jeans with high waists and small leg openings.
cool jeans
me, special occasions are exactly the days when i'm not wearing jeans
can only wear jeans on friday :(
  +upholderof @misandry
have worn this same pair of jeans almost every day without washing them since I got them about a month ago
don't get dirty
wear the same jeans all year, just on friday tho
  +LadyCailin lol
days isn't bad
an egalitarian because i love blissfully ignoring existing inequality in the name of equality
  +LadyCailin lol
an egalitarian because I fight just as hard for the privileged and the oppressed.
an egalitarian because the "woman" part of feminism really pisses me off
  +LadyCailin hahaha
more moderate:
nuit, you weren't voiced
like not liking the green bay packers because your favourite colour is blue
im not a woman
  +nuit well
nit a non man
okay, we're just getting trolled
btw if u dont wash jeans for long periods of time ur more likely toget crotch bursts
they raw denim or what
the crotch always wears out on my jeans :1
  +LadyCailin Really?
  +nuit yep
  +Euryale  yeah
denim
I do wash them occasionally
but when they're left dirty the fabric gets weak
every couple of weeks
yeah thats fine
I love denim.
same
is one of the strongest substances known to humankind
being so strong it rips easy
only in the crotch/
are u likenone ofnthose people who buys obscure japanese brands
just into it
is good.
but like do u get it online or what
buy online.
vey wary of getting jens online cause u cant see the cut really
don't buy clothes online ever
just a bad idea, I've found.
like either in local shops or when i go abroad
well its usuakky fine if u know the sizing and browse fashion forums
for stuff like jeans i wouldnt
I don't get the question?
hm?
geez... I would never buy jeans online!
have to try on like... 20 pairs of jeans before I can find one that fits 'cuz I have a weird shaped body
weirdly shaped <.<
not the problem, the biggest problem is that you don't know if a particular company makes their things run large or small
u can find that on forums LadyCailin
  +LadyCailin Sometimes
for shoes and tops its usually fine
same, plus i almost always have to get them tailored
AM JAYNE
  +DrYucatan  !femops
of trolling today .-.
'bout that people
  +Euryale  yay!
to the victor!
  +GorillaWarfare :)
store had nothin on me
bet you bought /all/ their ramen
have a pretty permanent stash of ramen haha
I didn't need to buy more
did buy ingredients for lo mein though!
should get some Shin Ramyun ramen, the good stuff.
love that ramen costs like 25¢ for a lifetime of ramen
That's what I have!
good
shouldn't be voiced
We're temporarily +m because of troll nastiness, so normal voicing rules don't apply
  +morganq  okay
just temporary voicing, not the flags
I can unvoice if you'd prefer
good
i could really go for some sushi rn
is more or less a constant state of being for me
is so damn good
thought you said salmiakki, vell, and I was about to say "many would disagree with you."
don't like sushi, but damn, if I don't like me some hibachi on a regular basis
sushi <3
Uramakizushi rolls with just vegetables :P)
to look that up
liquorice"
my god, I've had salmiak, it's disgusting disgusting
it really really salty?
but it's liquorice with salt

had one piece and almost vomited
<3
have never had it, and that sure doesnt sound too good
i sorta want some spam musubi right now all of a sudden
there a difference between salmiak and salmiakki?
I had salmiak
it was like the first proper spring day
i was outside at the park and i had some beer and salmiakki ice cream
ew
  +LadyCailin lol
no salmiak = salmiakki
different languages
  +LadyCailin oh
no matter what you call it, it's still gross. lol
like liquorice
I looove salt
there are some things that shouldn't be combined.
guess its an acquired taste
i grew up w ti
what I've understood
that have had it since they were kids LOVE it
who try it as adults hate it. lol
  +GorillaWarfare Hrmmrrr
be doing the piles of homework I have due after break
the kitchen instead ><
upholderof vell void|afk WalriBunni Wiktor yashi Zeuza
  geraldbrent !femops
off
ChunLi Dirigible DrYucatan duckasaurus
Euryale GorillaWarfare hypatia jane
KatelynQBS KittenGNU LadyCailin LambdaSix
locas pandorastar pinkieval piti
songarchaeology svaksha tunabananas yar
[0x1f415] ahf Alan ali
  mxtm  !femops
  +libbies  lol
  pyon  ?
  mxtm  YES
does this idiot continue to come here

happen
  mxtm  idk
  +DrYucatan  Wh...what?
troles
knitting!
  +KittenGNU  Noh
talk about bunnies instead :D
otters!
like bunnies
  +KittenGNU  Heresy.
KittenGNU
  +KittenGNU  'Ello
What about kittens and bunnies together?
Don't you agree bunnies are tasty?
  +KittenGNU  Very
Technically a baby rabbit is actually called a kitten
<3
  +Euryale  really?!
rabbits are kittens too?!
think we just made Euryale implode :<
some reason I feel really into W40k as of recently
devour men, never kittens <3
  +LadyCailin W40k?
40k, I believe.
  +LadyCailin oh
  +KittenGNU  Indeed
embroidering bunnies
my country there's a colective of feminist embroiderers
embroidering hard?
enjoying crafts more and more these days, it seems
always afraid people will judge me for being "immature" or "childish" when I do arts/crafts.
don't have a lot of technical skill.
that
know :<
even so, knitting and embroidery is typically done by adults anyways
always wanted to spend some time learning how to knit and sew, but computers take up all my time
yeah, I have that problem too
I'm ADD, so if it's not highly interactive, I quickly get bored.
  +DrYucatan  Yes.
can be annoying.
  KingEdgar ?
it was the troll
we should've obviously talk about kittens, it is the internet way
why did you spell it troles? was that a "proles" joke?
CHOP AXES
Euryale GorillaWarfare hypatia jane Kaiserette KatelynQBS KittenGNU LadyCailin LambdaSix
locas pandorastar pinkieval piti PrincessBecca songarchaeology svaksha tunabananas yar
[0x1f415] ahf Alan ali Alicia Arab_Aspie Argent__ AxeChopper CGML
CrazyEttin cscorley d33tah DaZ dfgg discopig DuckmanDrake_ dv- Emi
KingEdgar kirjatoukka lahwran LennyKitty LoRez MarkDude meeple meltedesco meowthhh
  +DrYucatan  Hvad?
it quite quick.
with the trolls today?
questions like hvorfor, and hvis, and hvem.
Back to cat pics and cheeseburgers.
These nigs getting wise. <Cholby> well yeah you do the same attack each time <Cholby> just shitflood ##feminism <Cholby> please <Cholby> ##feminism is sexist
channel is that from?
  Humean  ##
is a channel named "##?"
##
is possible
## namespace is just using the second # as part of the name
used to be # but then someone acted like a wet blanket and muted it
than a character that denotes a channel
redirected it
irc daemon is odd
then made it private
me joining there just now was a bad idea
  +libbies  lol.
that person was a big whiny baby
libbies
not be ageist, Humean.
big whiny adult
needs its nappy changed
let's not be ableist, either.
  +DrYucatan  :>
  Humean  :V
  +KittenGNU  :U
  +GorillaWarfare Harrumph
want long pretty nails, and all my nails want to do is crack and peel :(
think that's what it's called
a base coat
  +GorillaWarfare Hrmm
been using Nail Envy lately
wear it all the time, even if I'm not wearing a color.
I've tried about a million of those basecoats and they don't help terribly much
one seems to help me.
YMMV
I try to wear a strengthening basecoat even without nail polish just because having something on them seems to help
I'll try that one next
grow fast, actually
you meant to eat it with the skin?
like it would be papery
  +epi  no
not raw either
...
just like
it
would definitely eat an onion raw like that
national tv
  +LadyCailin Lol
not witht he skin
I want to punch him
take this onion...AND EAT IT
  +KittenGNU  Shrekt
really dont like onion lol
let shrek hear you say that
= sentient onions
that just looks like … some sort of robot pretending to be human but doesn’t know how >_>
  +epi  lol
I prefer there not to be onions in my food, let alone just... A raw onion.
  +epi  ikr
  +epi  like
eat things, i must appear human!'
  +LadyCailin xD
exactly!
boop
a tweet about how the worst thing you can say about what happened is 'of course he did'
welfare
are definitely edible. therefore i shall it this onion. om nom nom.
  +kirjatoukka  *eat
if it was, like, a chicken
handed him a chicken
would be fucking metal
god
they make me sick
i can't have them
are you saying tony abbott is ozzy osbourne?
  +morganq  looool
ozzy's at least twice as human
  +KingEdgar  Hmm?
thought only women get voiced due to MM? xD
not Monday
not MM
just +m right now, and you're temporarily voiced
cool
I like onions >_>
skin even?

are people that eat onions like say..and apple
  +Kaiserette an*
I wouldn't do that o_O
sure they peel em though
breath must be lovely :P
onion rings are ok libbies as long as u cant taste the onion
shouldn't talk, though, I eat onions and garlic and such like it's my job
like onions in sandwiches, hamburgers or cooked with meat
can also eat wild onions if you can find them
usually used as survival food
things
onion rings onion rings but onion rings
need to fix that problem
  +Kaiserette heh
my dad literally used to do that, eat them like an apple.
money on vegetable shopping :P
grandpa did it too
just put them in a sandwich myself >.>
know some people who eat onions like apples
wait, that was already posted
grandpa always ate an onion before tending to his bees
like a story from the onion.
seemed to think it would make the bees not sting him
  +LadyCailin Lol
bees wouldn't sting him anyway tho
talk of onions and couldn't think of anything but that
would stick his hand in the beehive and they'd to nothing
really liked those damn bees
are great
kirjatoukka :p
skeleton
Forgot we were in antitroll mode. Anyway. Bees~ ^_^
bees are neat
i still want distance from them
something not the bee
  +Kaiserette s
that gif.
my god they're in my eyes
dont even remember what that movie was about lol
haven't even seen it
I remember is the bees scene.
usually the case with nic cage movies
lord of war
i've barely stopped laughing since i saw it
need to get out of australia this is getting ridiculous
is how I feel about the US, and more specifically the South.
pming me
JelloShot is sending users harassing messages.
  +epi  thx
me as well
  +GorillaWarfare :/
here.
to prevent unregistered users from PMing you, you can run /mode <your username> +R
/mode <your username> -R to turn it back off
  +DrYucatan  Cool.
won't prevent registered users from PMing you, but it's harder to get registered accounts, and staff can k-line a registered account, and they would have to re-register a totally new one.
been IRCing for years, and forgot about that. :<
as a woman on the internet that advertises that fact, I've learned a few things. lol
just don't engage PMs from people I don't know
don't either, but that doesn't stop some people.
and +R can go a long way to avoiding triggery PMs
  +LadyCailin ^
I need to go and make some popcorn. -_-
can also do the same with +g
u have to approve someone for them to be able to pm u
that's a whitelist though
to read the freenode umode list.
an op in a channel, so that's less of an option for me
I normally stay -R
is it with misogynists acting as if women having consensual sex with men is degrading for the women? is it some sort of inferiority complex? “haha if you had sex with me, you’d really regret it!”
sex in the eyes of the patriarch is all about control
who have lots of sex with lots of people do not allow ourselves to be /controlled by sex/
when your paradigm of sex revolves around control, a woman who does not allow herself to be controlled is less sexy
is fucking sick
me too
this weird "feminists are sex negative" trope that's just weeeeird
is a weird trope
mean, you do get sex negative feminists)
pride! Yay!
always heard there isn't a thing as sex negative feminists just things like antiporn feminism and other ones I haven't heard of :S not sure though, I r noob
I kinda group them with SWERFS et al, they're there, but it's about 5 very vocal people
  +LambdaSix  :P
  +epi  ...
is 'swerfs' short for?
Worker Exclusionary Radical Feminist
  +KingEdgar  ah
then
to me how consenting to sex with people who respect me and respect my body is disrespecting myself?!
wait... I think I know.
negative” seems like a caricature, in a way. like, nobody’s politics are as simplistic as “sex is bad”.
these /assholes/ can't even /imagine/ what it would be like to have sex with a woman /while also respecting her/.
o-o;;
?
going to be a long read
  +KingEdgar  lol
hugely changed my outlook on feminism for the better
HotHead is PMing hateful messages.
seems to be dropping. :(
message again from hothead
common channels tho
like "sex negative" because it's as equally ridiculous/simplistic as "sex positive" but less rapey. so i think of it as a caricature of "sex positive"
Jelloshot. He got the nicklist from joining earlier, it seems.
  +GorillaWarfare :/
one of the drawbacks of IRC.
my first shitty msging
  +upholderof hmu
want to be attacked by the enemy
always have the easiestly hurt feelings
tell them you're a feminist man, and watch their heads explode
they do that, they'll just call you a 'white knight' or 'mangina' as far as I've seen or heard o_O
that's cool
this passes instead of the TX bathroom bill
<HotHead> Hello ##feminism. Are you tired of men relentlessly shoving cum down your throats? Well, just close your mouth and your problem will be solved."
we know
sent that to everybody in the channel lol
they
  +KittenButt Yeah....
  +geraldbrent  D:
bite cis men's dicks to prevent sexual assault... there are probably better ways to go about it
gross
head is an extremist asshole
how else will i get attention and acknowledgment when everyone else in the world ignores me?
removed the ban on wowaname again
does that
a 24h thing
the troll joins and gets autobanned
keeps the ban list from getting out of control
OUT TO THE AUTOMATIC MATRON
us pray
when that dude asked us if we were the bad type of feminist lol
  +Dirigible  lol
ones giving feminism a bad name
  +Dirigible  n_n
need a feminism that everyone can get behind, immediately, without changing any of their old ideas
right
me of all that "do you believe in gender equality? THEN YOU'RE A FEMINIST" junk
anyone else get a PM from hothead?
  +epi  yes
  +Dirigible  yes.
know.
  +geraldbrent  yes
  +epi  lol
it go~
song
assume they've been reported?
it gooo~
  +epi  yeah
  +Dirigible  lol
  +songarchaeology  k
they PM'd staff as well.
believe that women are equally good at being nurses as men are at being doctors"
bajin
wait what?
  +upholderof ?
upholderof is mocking shitty viewpoints
see
should have put /s
got this expired mini popcorn and I'm going to have to make like 4 of them
  +Dirigible  lol
popcorn
Shannon
kellanium
kellanium: you weren't voiced for some reason
hi
i was saying
much
just shut down in ohi.
drive truck! :D
  +kellanium  *ohio
nice
my truck is leaking o/
leaking what?
fluid
the dark of the moon on the sixth of June
a Kenworth pullin' logs
Pete with a reefer on
a Jimmy haulin' hogs
dad and uncle used to drive
know, this is probably unrelated but what's up with the supposed it amendmnet obama is trying to pass to get money out of politics :S
recall something about that then never hearing about it again
ban rich people from running or something?
oh el
no.
  +kellanium  NO
go to the corner and think about what you just did
  +upholderof lol
Let us ban the rich from politics.
us just ban being rich in general.
canadian! we don't get as much US news as we used to when we had cable
with capitalism.
with communism!
Obama banned rich people from politics I'd send him a tweet thou
i have some problems with you but I'm glad you banned that"
main issue with getting money out of politics is that you're essentially taking a bunch of perfectly sane people and asking them to fire a shotgun at their own leg
gotta watch what holds you up
  +kellanium  Urgh
hate forced restarts
channel is red, and not just with the blood of men!
mean... what?
  +upholderof lol
  +Dirigible  lol
needs a political party that is feminist to win state power one of these days
ensure reproductive justice and also to stop the missing and murder indigenous women that the police don't even care about
  +DrYucatan  ^^^
needs to seriously step up its game when it comes to indigenous issues.
up it's game and/or tone down it's genocide
had a serious mass movement lead by indigenous women but the politicians wouldn't even meet with the leadership
me for being bitter but you know damn well that if there were a 'feminist' party it would be hard-core liberal feminism. Those fuckers don't give a /crap/ about marginalized women. They just care about CEOs sans cock.
meant "Canada needs to stop being atrocious about indigenous issues."
  +upholderof yeah
am i not auto ident
the afghan folks in the organization I support make the connection that they are on one end of Canadian imperialism and indigenous people are on the inverse end of it
it works now
days ago
shit thianks
404'd
don't trust Obama anyway because he's a Keynesian
  +KingEdgar  lol?
and economic belief
a joke because right wingers think he's Kenyan and thus not American and thus not eligible for the office.
  +Dirigible  lol
government spending is good in some circumstances, particularly to stave off recession (and the revolt of the working class :v)
i get it
also that
was wondering if you were going there
was wonderng the same then, but like, it isn't even the same word so I googled it xD
applied keynsian policies in 2007-2013, which worked out pretty well for people who already had some money
funny how so many people thought he literally wasn't American @_@
he went his whole political career and no one bothered to look at his ID lol
many more years does he have, 3 and change?
you ever vote for him?
I wish I could've voted at the time but I couldn't. First time it was because I didn't want to since I didn't trust either presidential candidate and felt too ignorant of either one, second time was when I was registering, and got something in the mail that said they couldn't register me and I had to do something else ._.;;
guess that worked out in the long run because Obama bombed/invaded/fuckedwith a tonne of companies
  +upholderof *countries

feel bad if I voted for that
'k then
joke, he just killed a lot of people
wondering 'cause, not voting doesn't change anything :/
voting doesn't feel like it does much either ._.
it's weird
  +Dirigible  what
for one of two people
a choice
you can always vote third party :/
that's unlikely to go far
I mean you can vote all throughout primaries and the rest of the house
you're going to vote for a rich lawyer who's going to bomb at least 3 countries before they retire
then they retire their going to be a consultant for a company that specializes in 'investing' in whatever country got bombed and is now 'developing'
._.
feel like voting for politicians is nearly pointless right now
got the same shit but colder weather
can bury any worthy opponent if you have enough money
we all took their money we might stand a chance!
money isn't enough
if you are the 1% D:
beat the chevron candidates
  +KingEdgar  who/
those who make more than 35,000 US?
also, meg whitman
that citing singular examples says much
mean most of meg whitman's opponents weren't worthy either and also had major capitalist support
  +epi  UGH
do i get youtube to stop putting MRA fuckwits videos in my feed
videos
  +epi  whatever
like, gone to their pages and actually blocked them
they still show up
get that  lot from some of the video game stuff I follow
a new account with a proxied IP. Google tracks way too much.
get recommendations from stuff I sub to even when I'm not logged in.
  +upholderof lol
just
want to go to google and shout at the person who wrote this algorithm
recommend videos made by literal fascist MRAs to a feminist
  +epi  smar
  +epi  t
  +upholderof awful
my last message heard or not b/c i just got voiced
only read this single message
epi i haven't logged into youtube 4 a while, but irrc u need 2 go into ur history and remove mra videos or whatever that would give u mra recommendations
all
the_oppresed1 how you doin
  +upholderof !femops
MATR1XF1NG3RS
back kellanium
upholderof
to meet some folks from the party when I go to the big city this weekend!
my siggoth is coming back in town! 3 weeks away!
snap
3 weeks
wait 3 weeks until she's back?
  +DrYucatan  Siggoth?
  +Dirigible  SO
that's cool.
been away for work for three weeks yeah
  +Dirigible  snap
thrown off my game
I fall asleep way earlier because no one is telling me to adjust lighting, podcast volume, pillow and blanket arrangement, but I'm sleeping in anyway because no one is telling me that I already hit the snooze alarm 5x
  +Dirigible  lol
trolled in my own apartment
damn neighbor's phone vibrates so loud i think it's mine
have at all those chips I said I was gonna eat
man
  +Dirigible  mansplaining
  +Dirigible  mansplaining
bro
like how much it bothers him haha
  +Dirigible  yes
emphatic wording
right fuckered up about it
let me be the SOLE JUDGE of your experiences'
EVERY STOP WHAT THEY DOIN AND LISTEN TO THIS
IS NOT WHEN A MAN EXPLAINS
WHEN A MAN MANSPLAINS
AM MAN THEREFORE I KNOW
BACK TO WOR
i'm a man i think i know that you're wrong duh?
total solipsis
  +upholderof *solipsist
just love seeing dudes get so upset over nothing
not nothing!
NOT NOTHING
NEED TO KNOW THEIR PLACE
mostly annoyed by how clever the term is
like... meta-mansplaining...
  +Dirigible  yep
  +Keilana  hahaha
even fits his own definition
  +upholderof lol
mansplaining…..shouldn’t the universe have collapsed in on him
LADIES
people's children
don't know what the fuck you're talking about, ladies"
  +Dirigible  FUCK*
funny is he believes in the actual phenomenon
doesn't trust the folks who defined it, to identify it
  +Dirigible  yep
man we could pick this guy apart for tv show
would be cool, we find shitty tweets and make fun of them but also are all on tv together like how those british shows are
cool people sitting on a panel cracking jokes
do a podcast
  +upholderof !
  +Keilana  FEMCAST
would love to hear femcast
would listen every week or month or quarter or whatever yall do
wish i had the voice and wit for a podcast
the whole team tho
makes me lirl all the time
a perfectionist so if i tried to do a podcast it'd become an obsession and eat up my life
good radio show could just be dramatic readings of ##feminism
  +upholderof haha
trolls could be call-ins
  +Dirigible  hahahaha
kicked out of the rabb.it room
should make a troll bingo card
be awesome Dirigible
print it out and play
would play troll bingo
we could have a segment where we read troll comments in funny voices
square would be "two or more trolls join the channel at the same time, acting like it's nbd"
used to do that! especially peudo intellectuals who paragraph
  +upholderof lool
wants to 'discuss' feminism"
makes obvius typohs!1
and nailpolish4eva join"
<3 and xoxo"
why are you nott egalitario?
  +Dirigible  hahaha
so i just had a question"
it sure is quiet in here"
gamergate''?
problem with this bingo card is some of them are so bad you don't even want to write it
  +Dirigible  yeah
a fascist rape enthusiast" <-- not really funny
  +upholderof eeew
Brotano
even funny” could be a category :P
this place mentioned in another chan"
  +upholderof lol
how come there's no more "men are trash" in the topic
would've been a bingo square
can you be for gender equality when you don't respect men!!"
  +upholderof lol
are you nott egalitario" is the funniest thing I ever said I thin
  +Dirigible  lol.
a p funny dude tho
keep scrolling up to re read it
  +Dirigible  LOL
sound like me
i never tell IRC that.
sound the same!
wait I get it now
do both love horchata.
  +Dirigible  ";)"
need to seek out other cool drinks
jarritos
we talked about this
going to the big city
know a guy who's openinga convenience store, I should get him to bring this in stock
  +upholderof yeah!
don't have jarritos there
the big city?
  +upholderof yeah
the WHOLE CITY?
  +upholderof yeah
know!
do you know??
hunted down grace island soda and some other stuff
city isn't that big
big compared to my town
  +Dirigible  ahh
  +Dirigible  hooey.
  +upholderof 666
nutz
  +upholderof ...
good for him
home void|home
good to be home. :)
in to watch the F1 qualifying this afternoon.
is that
1!
  +Dirigible  hmm
late at night over here
hours here.
think libbies is similar time zone to me because libbies turns into libbieszzz immediately before I do but I just click the x
in GMT+10!
  +libbies  zzzz
other pitfall in analyzing the Ferguson report is to see it as being about Ferguson. There are 19,492 municipal governments in America, and the chances that Ferguson happens to be the worst are extremely slim. In fact, there is strong evidence that in the world of better funded, more militarized, more technologically advanced police departments, Ferguson is simply a high-profile case...
While the Ferguson nightmare may dwarf the problems in cities like Boston, American policing is so out-of-control that Ferguson-style practices can occur on at least some level in almost every department."
i'm like 30 minutes in to big hero 6
i'm in love
haha
love this so much
I would eat that O.o
  +LadyCailin haha
too
o_o that looks better then i expected it too lol
my partner just met Tess Munster.
  +KingEdgar  gnight
  +riddim peace
nice
all credit to morganq
4 when i'm tripping
morganq
they got to see Bonobo too!
that they say BDSM is not okay in any circumstances.
artist bonobo? if so that's pretty cool i think i have an album of his
Yeah!
read the comments though
didn't realize that was a breitbart link
fox news jr
for effort?
breitbart
Milo
recently went super saiyan draco malfoy, vaguely amusing.
are like
would vote for hitler
  +epi  basically
well... as they say, it's better to get radical ideology out into the mainstream than to let it fester under the surface... /s
were involved in gamergate becoming A Thing
  +Euryale  grrrr
SHIT EVERYONE IT IS PI DAY!
  +Euryale  3/14/15
You missed it. At 9:26:53, it was even more pi day
not quite as pi as March 14, 1592 at 6:53:59
my gosh!
  +Euryale  :>
going to get coffee, read, and knit. Cya!
Cailin <3
fun~~~
you know what would be /really/ cool?
publication where women who have been victimized by abusive partners can write about intimate violence and publish anonymously.
i'm not sure I could read something like that, given my triggers.
have things to say but I feel like I can't just post it on my blog because I'm afraid my abuser will find it and then there will be /things/
I can see how others might want to read (and write for) such a publication
don't know why I'm worried about this...
doesn't know my alias, after all :1
  commodus  !femops
what
wowaname was already banned. hm. must be the 24 hour timer.
feel like i've seen anonymous abuse narratives compiled before
I should check one of those out
should contribute to one of those.
yeah, 24h timer, ban is removed and reapplied when they try join again
so it's still kept in memory? Nice.
the list clean, I guess.
  +Euryale  yup
the list of banned people from this channel is in the thousands
the bot keeps it in check
  +epi  yeah...
is only so big
is that just tickets
dunno... there's lots
to see it's keeping the trolls at bay though.
it me is there a way to log out my uername?
  +epi  yeah
epi :)
idk if you're supposed to use ghost
should time out soon though
release upholderof
need password if you're not authenticated via SASL
on, but I'm GTG anyway
shit...
suicide)
that man a cookie...
even being ironic <.<
LadyCailin LambdaSix libbies locas morganq nuit pandorastar pinkieval piti PrincessBecca riddim songarchaeology svaksha tunabananas void|cafe yar zetkin [0x1f415] ahf
ali Alicia Argent_ bajin CGML colons cscorley curiousguy13 d33tah DaZ dfgg discopig DuckmanDrake_ dv- Emi fiyarburst gikiam Guerillero Guest90702
q3k rdema speak systemd tachikoma the_oppresed1 Tjis TMM udevd WalriBunni Wiktor yashi Zeuza
LadyCailin LambdaSix libbies locas morganq nuit pandorastar pinkieval piti PrincessBecca riddim songarchaeology svaksha tunabananas void|cafe yar zetkin [0x1f415] ahf
ali Alicia Argent_ bajin CGML colons cscorley curiousguy13 d33tah DaZ dfgg discopig DuckmanDrake_ dv- Emi fiyarburst gikiam Guerillero Guest90702
q3k rdema speak systemd tachikoma the_oppresed1 Tjis TMM udevd WalriBunni Wiktor yashi Zeuza
LadyCailin LambdaSix libbies locas morganq nuit pandorastar pinkieval piti PrincessBecca riddim songarchaeology svaksha tunabananas void|cafe yar zetkin [0x1f415] ahf
ali Alicia Argent_ bajin CGML colons cscorley curiousguy13 d33tah DaZ dfgg discopig DuckmanDrake_ dv- Emi fiyarburst gikiam Guerillero Guest90702
fembot n_n
PAT
riddim songarchaeology svaksha tunabananas void|home yar zetkin [0x1f415] ahf Alan ali Alicia Argent_ BrownFart CGML colons cscorley d33tah DaZ dfgg discopig DuckmanDrake_ dv- Emi fiyarburst gikiam Guerillero Guest90702 Humean
iocis_ kerosene Keter lahwran LennyKitty LoRez meltedesco meowthhh MKCone`Office modulus modulus_ MoeD moondoggy mxtm petn-randall profess pyon q3k rdema speak systemd tachikoma Tjis TMM udevd WalriBunni Wiktor yashi Zeuza
riddim songarchaeology svaksha tunabananas void|home yar zetkin [0x1f415] ahf Alan ali Alicia Argent_ BrownFart CGML colons cscorley d33tah DaZ dfgg discopig DuckmanDrake_ dv- Emi fiyarburst gikiam Guerillero Guest90702 Humean
iocis_ kerosene Keter lahwran LennyKitty LoRez meltedesco meowthhh MKCone`Office modulus modulus_ MoeD moondoggy mxtm petn-randall profess pyon q3k rdema speak systemd tachikoma Tjis TMM udevd WalriBunni Wiktor yashi Zeuza
AGAIN? REALLY
are just so goddamn boring lmao
Keilana
epi
be less mad if they were innovative
are much more interesting than trolls <3`
talk about cute animals~
zoo near my hometown is getting red pandas. I need to go to there.
  +epi  omg
seen red pandas
are adorbs irl
if they're smelly
habitat at the park had water sprinklers to simulate rainforest humidity (i live in a tropical rainforest region but this park is well down south in a place with gum tree forests)
we all got wet trying to see them
are exactly as dorky and sweet as they are on the internet
  +epi  fyi
are the subject of my favorite gif
pandas are from the himalayas iirc, so they’re ok with being cold??
to the forest deputy willie :(((
seem to love the snow….videos of them playing in the snow make me die of cute
oh, yay :) i feel better, then. although there are also tons of animals there that must not be cool with cold :/
true. pandas are not one of them tho :)
  meltedesco  \o/
that red pandas are actually raccoons and not related to actual pandas at all?!?
actually made so much sense to me…explains their tails hah
did! :)
yeah, they look a lot like raccoons
cuter
less likely to get into my trash >:(
void|home what is that
  +void|home  Brunch!
that is SO TRUE >:( raccoons are feisty lil buggers
that looks DELICIOUS, what is it?!?
omg that looks like so much sugar :O but delicious
turkish bread, smashed avo, crispy bacon, two poached eggs, haloumi, herbed cherry tomatoes on a bed of rocket, drizzled with balsamic glaze, all in one dee-licious stack!”
nom nom nom*
sounds AMAZING
yeah, they've invaded my shed at home. sigh. :/ they're a pest
a fancy rocky road shake.
you're making me hungry D: but it's 2am, which is not a good time to be eating food
  +void|home  hahah
they're not raccoons, they might be distantly related tho
it’s 1:15 here and I’m going on energy drinks and the knowledge that I will get woken up if I try to sleep now
I thought they were in the same family?
pandas are bears, red pandas are pandas :P
love raccoons, they have cool lil hands
the wiki
likely have a common ancestor but evolved into seperate families
that’s really cool
totally didn’t know that!
  +Keilana  ~*EVOLUTION*~
extinct predecessors of red pandas that we know of too
  meltedesco  whoaaa
weasel family is my fave because otters n_n
is sad but they've been gone a long time ago
pandas are cool!
so cool epi!
like that they’re also called “red cat-bear”
descriptive
Pandas have no close living relatives, and their nearest fossil ancestors, Parailurus, lived 3-4 million years ago. '
they are v cute when they sleep in trees
that is sad because I bet they’d be really cute relatives :P
they diverged from raccoons and stuff's ancestors about 40mill years ago
might have been big and bitey, too :p
have an ancestor that is about the size of a small car
shit WHAT
terrifying
they poop cubes too?!?
kinda cool that they have no living relatives. they're their own category! :D
pandas~~~
red pandas can’t tolerate temps over 25 degrees C so Canada is a v nice place for them n_n
riddim songarchaeology svaksha tunabananas void|home yar zetkin [0x1f415] ahf Alan ali Alicia Argent_ CGML colons CowLiver cscorley curiousguy13 d33tah DaZ dfgg discopig DuckmanDrake_ dv- Emi fiyarburst gikiam Guerillero Guest90702
inf iocis_ kerosene Keter lahwran LennyKitty LoRez meltedesco meowthhh MKCone`Office modulus modulus_ MoeD moondoggy mxtm petn-randall profess pyon q3k rdema speak systemd tachikoma Tjis TMM udevd WalriBunni Wiktor yashi
  CowLiver  Zeuza
riddim songarchaeology svaksha tunabananas void|home yar zetkin [0x1f415] ahf Alan ali Alicia Argent_ CGML colons CowLiver cscorley curiousguy13 d33tah DaZ dfgg discopig DuckmanDrake_ dv- Emi fiyarburst gikiam Guerillero Guest90702
inf iocis_ kerosene Keter lahwran LennyKitty LoRez meltedesco meowthhh MKCone`Office modulus modulus_ MoeD moondoggy mxtm petn-randall profess pyon q3k rdema speak systemd tachikoma Tjis TMM udevd WalriBunni Wiktor yashi
  CowLiver  Zeuza
  Humean  LOL
yay! :D although it can get pretty warm here in the summer. around 25 or a bit higher, depending on the year
ugh D:
they have air conditioning :P
he try to id as you guys too
is that just me
more evolution
not just you >:(
  Humean  hahahaha
do beavers fit in
how do you know all this??? it’s so cool you’re like this vast store of evolutionary bio knowledge~
SHIT THAT IS HUGE EPI
  +Keilana  !!!!!!!
be building shit viewable from fucking space
  meltedesco  "megafauna"
a cool word
my hometown is near several paleontologically important sites
that’s really neat
you get to see them a lot as a kid?
it mostly means 'bigger than 100kg'
there's a museum in my town, and other towns we used to go through on holiday
awesome!
ha, that's pretty big. deserving of "mega"
love learning stuff in ##feminism :D
yeah, that's really cool!
a lot of dinosaur dig sites around 400km east, and about 100-200km north there's a big site for a lot of post-dino stuff
of marsupials and stuff
australia used to be similar to a junle
  +epi  jungle*
didn’t know that
there was an inland sea at one point
it’s all desert, yeah?
all, but lots of grasslands, savanha and desert, yeah
that’s good conditions for paleontologists to find good stuff
  +Keilana  ?
of it is wooded
but i wouldn't know why lol
it might be a side-effect of the mining industry and farming in the regions
yeah
s2g if I hear one more biology teacher/prof refer to animals as having gender
  +Keilana  >.>
CAN SAY SEX
OKAY
my!
FLIES DO NOT HAVE GENDER
they did that would be v interesting
it really be so hard to talk about sex chromosomes in a non-cissexist way
mean really
  +epi  lol
  GoatLover hi
like Goats
Why are you trying to log into my account?
dunno
logging into everyone's account, because he's a troll.
  +LadyCailin !femops
svaksha tunabananas void|home yar zetkin [0x1f415] ahf Alan ali Alicia Argent_ CGML colons cscorley curiousguy13 d33tah DaZ dfgg discopig DuckmanDrake_ dv- Emi fiyarburst gikiam GoatLover Guerillero Guest90702 Guest99554 Humean
iocis_ kerosene Keter KingEdgar lahwran LennyKitty LoRez meltedesco meowthhh MKCone`Office modulus modulus_ MoeD moondoggy mxtm petn-randall profess pyon q3k rdema speak systemd tachikoma Tjis TMM udevd WalriBunni Wiktor yashi
  GoatLover Zeuza
  GoatLover !femops
  GoatLover halp
  GoatLover HELP
how can you tell he’s trying to log into your account?
do they keep doing this
freenode informs you of failed login attempts
told me so.
get a notification for it
  +void|home  NickServ*
  +alyx_  wups
need to +i the channel.
  +epi  hi
interesting.
  +Keilana  noted.
  +KatelynQBS lol
do you want attention? here it is
Speak, man person!
was nothing, I was just wondering why I got pinged so much ._.;; lol
spamming
I got that after I read up a bit. Anyways, going to sleep for a bit ;P gnight
so, I got back from my walk a little bit ago. I'm walking at night which I /often do/ and since I dress up in guy's clothing at night and the like I'm almost never harassed.
  +Euryale  ...
if you see a woman, or /anyone/ walking on the street and you're going the opposite direction at night
you pass them: DO NOT TURN AROUND AND GO THE OTHER DIRECTION
that's /explicitly/ hostile
yeah, that's really creepy.
so they just started walking in the same direction as you?
  +Euryale  yup
who does that? D:
me for about three blocks till I lost 'em
because when I realized they turned to follow me I started walking as fast as I can
someone did that to me, i would actually be super freaked out. :/ probably call someone and talk loudly to them to try and get the other person to buzz off
and I have really long legs so my 'fast walk' is the same speed as most people's 'slow jog'
dudebros. dudebros do that.
don't understand how someone could think that course of action would be received well. even a dudebro. :P but i guess their stupidity exceeds my imagination
don't think they /care/
I think tonight they just weren't /thinking/
  +Euryale  but...
when I am in a similar situation at night, /especially/ if the other person is a woman, just... go sideways a block or something so you don't make hostile maneuvers.
a lot of people just wouldn't even think of how their behaviour might affect someone :/ they don't even think about the safety concerns that women have
  +Euryale  yup
this is the first time since I started walking this route that I've had any problems but :1
used to get a tonne of trouble from guys trying to follow me off the bus so I've become a bit hypersensitive to being cased.
that's fair. luckily i've not had a lot of personal experiences with that. of course, i've only lived with my parents and on-campus, so that may have something to do with that
  +Euryale  maybe
trans so...
when I was first transitioning and /looked/ trans I was getting a lot of attention from the fetishist community
assholes are /extremely/ aggressive
:( i'm sorry you had to deal with that
say 'it's okay' but it really isn't
it's not your fault
at least you don't have to deal with that as much now? i mean, it's not really "better" in that those assholes are still out there. but at least you can have some peace from them
it's 4am over here >.< i really need to get to bed. g'night!
  +Euryale  night!
about fathers day?" in 3..2..1...
is currently happening in russia?
there any factual stuff coming out of the news right now?
seen wild speculation ranging from we're about to have nuclear war, to a coup in russia, to putin being sick... wtf is actually happening there?
shit, that's scary!
russia is a nuclear country, and it scares me when nobody knows what the hell is happening with the government.
aint doing first strike
a doctrine implemented since the days of the ussr
he actually missing or just not telling the public where he is?
i guess we'll find out~
can imagine putin wouldn’t want to be seen to be weakened by something so mundane. :p
are there tanks and stuff in moscow now then?
what makes me wonder
is like that time that kim il un disappeared for weeks and everyone thought he was dead
world leaders need vacation days
might be coming up on a parade
riddim and modulus! we're still on lockdown
got voice now, though
thanks
damn did no1 c my last couple posts in here lol
  +Euryale  pmuch
  +GorillaWarfare D:
oh my god, where is that gif from? :o
internet
  +LadyCailin lol
clue original source
it on troll x
of course
anyone ip ban the bird of arabia so it may be saved from the filth of the common internet
Monday. I should be devoiced.
it Monday?
Okay. Must be out of it today. Sleep is catching up to me.
any rate, good morning, geraldbrent.
Would be better if I had a cup of coffee and didn't have to be in school, but at least I have IRC.
Might have to microwave it.
give this a try
we can be civilized today, without the trolls coming out of the woodwork.
parser: I should be divorced.
  +GorillaWarfare Heh
  +geraldbrent  What?
Mondays, we get divorced~~~
Misread "devoiced", I think
coffee.
yep.
I can sneak into the break room.
  +GorillaWarfare Eep
we're talking. :)
would kill me, but hey, coffee.
caffeine IVs are definitely a thing
would one come about one of those
cruious
  +GorillaWarfare *curious
several lumbar punctures and then have low levels of cerebrospinal fluid?
how my friend got on
worth
hard could it be to self-administer?
lumbar puncture is definitely not fun. Had one as a child, it feels like there's a lorry driving over your back.
party of spain
wrong chan
  petn-randall  o/
what's going on
is cloudy outside.
wish it were sunnier.
would you do if it were sunnier?
would probably still be lying on my bed, goofing off on my computer, but it would give me a nice view.
How are you guys?
eat a cupcake¡
  PrincessPeachy  Girls*
am not a guy either.
  PrincessPeachy  Trans?
important to recognize the ways in which our language is explicitly gendered, even if we're not aware of it.
moral of the story is to not use "guys" for non-men
cis, or otherwise
an awkward question to ask someone, PrincessPeachy, fifteen seconds after meeting them.
agree, its just that english is not my native lenguage
that's ok. Live and learn.
sorry, i just like making people feel relaxed, i like hearing someone out if they want to.
see.
love people? I don't want to exclude anyone.
I suggest the following: folks, everybody, everyone, all, people, and my favorite: y'all
you ladycailin
is good. If you're from Pittsburgh (and even if you're not), you can say yinz, too.
love folks, personally :) and all. those are the ones i use a lot.
never heard the term yinz before :o
use "folks" a lot :)
I have a problem with the ideas of gender equality thanks to my upbringings (i am venezuelan) its so hard to me to understand that im more than a object, a part of me is awakening to it but i still have that baggage
heard yinz too
I know a pennsylvanian
am deficit in my knowledge of pennsylvanians
that i don't know any
:<
am sad that when I went to Philadelphia, I did not get to ride the subway.

was to visit a specific university. We weren't there long, but I think we were there long enough for me to take a subway ride.
got to the hotel at around 2 in the afternoon, and the interview wasn't until the next day, so we spent most of it at the hotel doing whatever.
  eegor youse
my irc was scrolled up a bit
went to the pool and had some fun there, but wish that I had taken some of my money and ridden around on the metro until dinnertime.
fella be considered gender neutral
not.
ok
  ReginaLaqueus *blinkblink*
cool
  +LadyCailin woah
did that happen? lol
my client auto accepts invites
  ReginaLaqueus Thanks!
  +LadyCailin xD
  +Euryale  hello!
one of your friends?
  ReginaLaqueus *waves*
  +LadyCailin Yes
another channel
was just ranting (positively) about feminism and here I am
  ReginaLaqueus haha
was spouting out feminist ideals, so, I figured she would fit in fine here. lol
  ReginaLaqueus haha
thank god a channel with an actual rule page
  +LadyCailin hehe
  ReginaLaqueus Postel?
  ReginaLaqueus *poster
reposted that link you shared here
"for every boy..." link
  ReginaLaqueus Oh
  ReginaLaqueus :D
  +LadyCailin xD
my god, love it
every boy poster is hanging at a wall at both this one squatted house and this lefty student house at the uni here
Don't you just love the "female privilege" types? lol
by love you mean want to hit really hard, yes
  +LadyCailin xD
  +LadyCailin hmm?
73 cents the dollar is indded a ~awesome privelege~
I'm  being dark/snarky about the cis idea that trans women might be /women/ but aren't /female/
  +LadyCailin oh
I'm referring to this guy that said something like "you're not a man, you don't know what it's like" to ReginaLaqueus
ah yes, you have it so bad as a man.
"well maybe that's because you lack the perspective of being a man"
OlaHughson petn-randall profess pyon q3k rdema Shannon speak systemd tachikoma thomas Tjis TMM tmro udevd WalriBunni Wiktor yashi Zeuza
OlaHughson petn-randall profess pyon q3k rdema Shannon speak systemd tachikoma thomas Tjis TMM tmro udevd WalriBunni Wiktor yashi Zeuza
  OlaHughson  hi
K-Line.
  OlaHughson  lol
  Shannon :)
  +OffensiveUser  wat
could at least try to be creative
anwyay :D
pretty rainbow
  +OffensiveUser  idgi
Where?
are colored in my client
are you a man?
No
  +DrYucatan  What.
a cis woman
:>
ReginaLaqueus I can vouch for! She's in another channel I also am in.
  +LadyCailin Ah
I ask what sparked that question?
  +ReginaLaqueus  Oh
pretty cool, as far as I know! ^_^
  +ReginaLaqueus  Dur
that did come out of nowhere seemingly
love this guy
What kind of pony?
reminds me to come back to ##feminism
all
Humean
i'm a guy can i talk
  +Euryale  yes
not misandry monday
  +KittenGNU  :O
  Humean  ??
I was wondering about that too
is monday
Monday is on hold since it tends to stifle up conversation
  +LadyCailin But
trying an experiment where we hold onto it and just deploy it whenever as needed
the way...
any woman wants to comment on it, send me a query and I'll forward the feedback to the other ops
on the lack of MM, that is
it into misandry friday!!11
like MM, but, I don't feel like it's a requirement.
find the name of it amusing
nothing else
Okay :3
  +ReginaLaqueus  wat
I put my ipod on shuffle, and... wat... where did I get half these songs?
very weakly don't like misandry monday being unpredictable because I lose track of when I can talk here, but other than that I'm cool with whatever
like the idea
what does "as needed" imply?
use /mode in the channel and if you see a +m then it's moderated
might also show in on the upper corner of ur screen
I know how to check, it's just a habit forming thing. we've already spent more effort than my comment was worth, do whatever
During raids by trolls and also when requested, possibly
should also notify you if a message isn't sent
a woman is feeling talked over
an unrelated note, where can I get a poster version of that thing you linked, LadyCailin?
kinda thing
see
doesnt notify
No clue
  lahwran drat
others here have been saying they know of the poster, so...
/should/ notify. The bot is aware of it, after all
I want one
that it's broken 'cuz it doesn't, but that this should be a feature)
  lahwran <3
25 of them for $3
  eegor wow
want to make a cross stitch poster from that...
you beautiful people!
  +OffensiveUser  morn
really?
void
  +LadyCailin Yep
I've read that five times and I'm still not sure it means 25 of them
think it does mean that
you sure it doesn't mean like 25 inches or something?
it says the dimensions elsewhere
wild
lol
each
yes, I have the ¢ symbol on my ascii character cheat sheet
  lahwran 22x14
not actually very big is it though
the price is still 3 bucks
❤ ™
mention shipping tho
copy of each poster is included for free with every paid order."
  WalrusPony  🐇
think you get like, a ton of posters for $3. lol
shipping is $3.37
get 125 for $15 plus shipping
pick a saturday and put 'em up around town
mix kit 3 bucks
via priority mail international 24.05
  eegor :(
  lahwran doh
yeah, shipping to norway is expensive
shipping internationally is expensive no matter how you look at it
maybe a letter
that's through fasttech
I'm talking about across the pond
may be significantly cheaper when you can do ground all the way
  +OffensiveUser  airmail
probably smuggled into the prices of stuff
  +OffensiveUser  but
you're only paying 10% of the price where you would've for a non clone
  +OffensiveUser  it
not a thing you notice
clones are like 50% of what clones are here
ipod on shuffle is really weird. lol
-> psytrance -> psychadelic -> celtic
in, under $100.
  +LadyCailin well
have an iphone
I'm playing music from it
do you mean vintage? :P
well, i want these because ... FireWire.
always wanted to have something to use with FireWire ports.
want something I can throw Rockbox on and jam out with. My iPhone is only 16GB, so it's hard to fit my mostly lossless music collection on there.
aww.
what does it mean?
it's a 4th-gen
only had a 1GB shuffle for a while.
  OlaHughson  ah.
have at least 2 1GB shuffles hanging around too
sad ipod face is dead hard drive if i recall
  OlaHughson  ahm
is a bit meh
screw firewire :(
was a new experience for ,e but i prefer seeying.
fried the firewire chip on my old motherboard ... turns out USB header cables fit on firewire motherboard headers, but they're dangerously incompatible
in a USB device, destroyed the device and let the magic smoke out of the firewire chip
  OlaHughson  ._.
  +libbies  o_o
would've assumed they'd be key'd differently
i guess you can also force anything into anything else if you tried hard enough .-.
, for starters
is not like USb.
is like plugging into your spinal coprtex, whereas USB is like earbuds
I think my case's USB headers aren't keyed
ah, that's bad :(
you mean how 1 of the 10-pin double-header layout is usually blanked on the connector
  +libbies  yup
  +libbies  exactly
is actually a lot more hardware that I want.
no...
and USB headers are keyed the same
sansa clips are nice
, what's that crap
output impedance
hmm
wonder if ground on each set are different pins or not
yeah, my guess is they are disasterously pin-incompatible
OffensiveUser. Cheaper hardware than Apple too.
  +libbies  hmm.
... ouch
lining those up and...
ikr? lol
i listen to it on the go
5V to ground through the device's data lines?
i'm on the go a lot
  Alan  fuck.
yeah. yup.
for disaster
yeah, what i nuked was my yubikey too ¬_¬
don;t have a music player right niwl i;d use my phone but the battery is so low >.>
my phone with a dead battery is permanently docked in an iPod dock
use a seperate dap for 2 reasons: 1 I know it does what it should do well
never actually gotten a new music player after a walkman
what for?
no more phone troubles
to play music?
Smellody
  Gerglamesh  Pleb
why not
więc tak
i have barely any cd's either, some punk recordings and lou bega's mambo no 5
No 5
that a good song?
not here
not a good song
it about?
have one umd movie
video series
never heard of it?
Flux.
a catchy song, but it's a horrible song
lol
is it horrible?
original shorts?
the series that made 0 sense
  Gerglamesh  Hello?
is terrible
plz
is about sex i think
so bad about sex.
the specifics but it's probably misogynist
little bit of Monica in my life
little bit of Erica by my side
little bit of Rita is all I need
little bit of Tina is what I see
little bit of Sandra in the sun
little bit of Mary all night long
little bit of Jessica here I am
  +OffensiveUser  lmao
well, it;'s the director's edition or sth
liked tehs eries.
I was surprised to not see zip disks on your list
already have that stuff?
were pretty bizarre for me, i was a little kid back then, around 10-14
i liked watching it on mtv
oh good
also collect audio and video hardware and have around 200 audio cassettes and love them~
bet I don't still have one of those hanging around
was an odd quirky bit of hardware with a very short lifespan and very little market penetration, from what I remember
want a DAT deck.
a reel to reel and a lot of other stuff.
bet you want a vintage mcintosh amp too
some sort of magic potion so i can be my fursona.
no.
even
Sony, Yamaha, Unitra.
Marantz, too.
:D
Hello!
so what's your criteria for wanting things?
just "I don't have one yet"?
it safe to assume you already have everything not on your list?
HAR FIDDLE DE DE, BEING A FEMINIST IS ALRIGHT WITH ME, DO WHAT YOU WANT BECAUSE YOU HAVE PTSD, YOU ARE A TYRANT
HAR FIDDLE DE DE, BEING A FEMINIST IS ALRIGHT WITH ME, DO WHAT YOU WANT BECAUSE YOU HAVE PTSD, YOU ARE A TYRANT
HAR FIDDLE DE DE, BEING A FEMINIST IS ALRIGHT WITH ME, DO WHAT YOU WANT BECAUSE YOU HAVE PTSD, YOU ARE A TYRANT
HAR FIDDLE DE DE, BEING A FEMINIST IS ALRIGHT WITH ME, DO WHAT YOU WANT BECAUSE YOU HAVE PTSD, YOU ARE A TYRANT
various and complicated. for audio, it's SELECT from database HARDWARE while manufacturer="Sony" OR "Yamaha" or [whatever] AND doesitlookgoodforme = TRUE
everythjing i wanted.
bear in mind some things are broken.
like my LaserDisc player.
no, not interested.
how to fix it
it seems to need a new motor.
do you have a list of what you already have?
no, better ask ;p
this channel get spammed this often all the time o.o
  +morganq  yes.
few days seem to have been persisent...
fyi i am not rich and live in a house by myself, i if it was this way, i'd have everything I want by now. Except the body.
I am soemtimes lucky to meet good people.
share stuff with me when they don't need it, instead of asking me to pay the equivalent of the Fort Knox reserves for it
love to make a living salvaging old tech
more impressive to have built up a collection your way, I think
i live in a place that isn't helping with this hobby
mean having money is basically cheat mode
all cool hardware is in US]
Japan]
i can find stuff here
i said, i got my laserdisc player because
i was lucky
no one else took it because broken.
to know more? just ask
  +OffensiveUser  lol
was just about to say that.
AFRAID
getting soon a huge box of stuffs from UK, a RS/6000, a power macintosh g3 blue and white, a powerbook g3, also waiting for a proliant dl380g3 and sun fire v120
was really disappointed that they didn't stay true to the books and have the Mobile Infantry wearing power armor.
was the best part of the books!
glad that they didn't stay true to the books and instead made it a huge middle finger to the fascist politics of the writer
:)
  +Euryale  :>
you non-binary?
am unsure how to describe it; the shortest answer is: there is a reason my fur/ponysonas are female and internet identity - sans Facebook - is female, but i don't alsayw use female pronouns when i think.
have described myself as genderfluid, but i would rather not describe myself.
that's really cool
doing what makes you happy :>
would be a lot better if the question" are you x or y or ń or ∂" didn;'t even exist, and everyone would be allowed to do with themselves whatever they want to.
  OlaHughson  ^^
wish I looked more girly, through.
language sadly is heavily genderised; it's not just a matter of pronouns, but you have to use correct word forms [ czytałem male, czytałam female, i was reading]
is the same way
a tonne of languages, TBQH
  OlaHughson  mhm
should write an article about my own transition. It might be useful for other AMAB gender non-binary people.
  OlaHughson  ^^
i'lle evr decide to do that... I want to change citizenship first.
was about to ask if you were Polish, OlaHughson, from your use of the n with the accent over it.
move soemwhere abroad.
latter would help with parents that wouldn't exactly accept
former would hep with , well, legal procedures.
a polis citizen, i'd have to sue my parents.
yes.
  +Euryale  D:<
disgusting!
they get a say in anything?
have a disabled sister: when my parents were getting a custody over her when she turned 18, it had actually to be brought into court, and their parents' right had to be taken only to give them back
  +DrYucatan  D:
not exactly that, but I don;'t want to go through this.
not.
yeah, a court /should/ be involved in that for the protection of disabled people
  +Euryale  but...
  +Euryale  *shudders*
had to sue the government to get my name changed, but that's different
  OlaHughson  mhm
/used/ to have to sue them over gender, too, but my state just streamlined that last year
you send a letter written by your doctor to the Dept. of Health which then issues you a new birth certificate.
  OlaHughson  yay
still pretty gross that you need a doctor involved
  OlaHughson  yeah.
should just go and say "I want to be called Eugenia Borkowska" and they would say okay and then you leave with new ID or passport or whatever
  +Euryale  yes!
  OlaHughson  :3
okay with going to court to change my /name/ but I'm not okay with a doctor having a say over my gender thingy
Borkowska is a nice name.
Ola Trzeciak.
careful with publishing your real name here
isn't real.
lots of predators online who /enjoy/ hurting trans people
okay
:>
I don;;s say it,.
i have "female" on facebook.
hey, i can.
  +Euryale  :>
i don't haver any problems IRL, since I don't dress girly for I don't even look girly; plus I am pretty lazy >.>
Lawrence is hot, but I wish she’d just shut the fuck up for a minute. Also eat less cheeseburgers.
don't see why you'd think that, then
whois is telling me that they're not in any channel
Ignore me
be different on this server
:3
  +GorillaWarfare whoaaaa~~~
J. Fry?
  +DrYucatan  :P
  bajin lol
folkz
  +GorillaWarfare Heya
  +kellanium  sup
1/2 hours ago, if that's recent
  +kellanium  shit
isn't
well
you
good, though I'm battling some homework
  +GorillaWarfare You?
my god, I just learned the best insult
is what comes out of the south end of a north-facing bull."
to list*
this channel a while ago:
you an MRA or just a non-denominational fuckwit?"
think this one came from here as well: "basement-dwelling, cheetos-huffing, cumsock-sniffing douchepistol"
  +LadyCailin lol
  +epi  lmao
I'm writing a blog post on Twitter bots
I'm including some great tweets from some of my favorites
is a bot called @AmIRiteBot, which takes trending Twitter topics, rhymes one of the words, and adds "amirite?"
  +epi  lol
my god
is down or was sold or something
whew @YesYoureSexist is going strong
Fuck TERFs
it appropriative to say that I feel very asexual today?
that I don't identify as such
on how you define asexual
dunno
during the time that I'm feeling that way (like now) I feel very strongly repulsed by sex with other people.
think that's a pretty usual thing to feel like that from time to time.
so. Which is why it kinda feels appropriative to use the term asexual
seem that bad to say that you currently feel asexual. :P
need to learn how to keep my mouth shut in professional environments. Any suggestions?
working in a bastion of middle class, middle age privilege, with older men. Who've decided they know better than me, of course, on anything involving anything.
  +OlaHughson hi
I have the same problem

going absolutely batshit right now
they seem to want to continue to engage me on topics like "student loans and school funding" and "obamacare" and stuff
it's like, noooooooooo, we're just going to argue, you're going to condescend to me, and tell me how your experience is universal.
nothing you can really say to a group of like minded individuals like that, i've found. It's better one on one. Even then, when I'm engaged about that stuff too (namely capitalism) he shys away from the topic now, because I do engage and refute. Now we just dont talk about it. I'm not sure if that's the best course, but it did work for me. I didn't have to stand down from my position
stopped trying to convince me when he didnt have his pals around
up with a good response, or write some down for next time they want to engage maybe? like 'we differ on this, but if you'd like to know more we can go to lunch or discuss it not at work"
office is small - 2 old dudes, and then me, and then my direct boss who's rarely around, and then our project manager/accounts payable/receivable, who's pretty capitalist herself, although less so
something.
I think right now I just need to vent this off
  +breakdancingcat  cool
away! i fucking hate that situation too
usual mode of coping is just putting the headphones on, and listing to public radio
the news on the radio is pissing me off, too.
angry or feminist music maybe?
fuck everything!
I'd be throwing some RATM or something on, but it's hard for me to stay focused on work when I listen to it
i gave more advice.. >_<
okay.

hour 'til lunch, and I can go for a nice long walk.

I sm OffensiveUser
Alan ali Alicia Argent__ CGML colons cscorley d33tah DaZ dfgg discopig dv- ebel_ eegor Emi fiyarburst Guerillero Guest90702 inf iocis_ KingEdgar lahwran LoRez marsjaninzmarsa meeple modulus_ MoeD moondoggy munch mxtm petn-randall profess pyon q3k rdema ReginaLaqueus riddim speak systemd
The_Cat thomas Tjis TMM tmro topdownjimmy udevd WalkingDonkey WalrusPony Wiktor yashi Zeuza
  WalkingDonkey hi
  WalkingDonkey hello
am walking donkey
  +LadyCailin goodbye
shit!
  +OlaHughson ._?.
  lahwran klined?
they're STILL doing it.
a kline
happens a lot
every together xD
everybody.
)ﾉ
  +Euryale  hi
  +kellanium  hi
cuz I've been hiding under a rock, but now I google it.
Reading now.
Unfortunate, if not unexpected.
 I think Nadella was better about it at Grace Hopper this year, but still managed to come across badly
the whole, don't ask for a raise thing)
pretty much given up hope that men will ever be respectful in public forums like that
  +duckasaurus  Yeah.
my perspective, it does result in a "maybe it's me?" /self doubt
hear ya there.
when I take a more aggressive stance, I feel like a witch.
such a pain in the arse balance to have to find.
guess men have to worry about coming across as too aggressive too maybe
  +duckasaurus  hah!
sincerely doubt it
dono, but now I do wonder.
just the go-getter attitude we need around here, Jenkins!"
I loled
  insomnia  :D
  +duckasaurus  :)
anybody you need to, just get it done!"
  +duckasaurus  yupyup
long as you are male and have dangly bits between your legs.
what I'd do with that kind of carte blanche
be fair, probably take it for granted, because I hear you get used to it pretty quick.
need a real "point of view" gun
CLEAR
  bajin :o
boyfriend listen to Elvis
  insomnia  lol
  +LadyCailin asshole.
slogan
pisses me off so hard
  +alyx_  oink
  +alyx_  #yesallcops
that link...
if you take the most horrible view of the victim, the age is cut-and-dried statutory rape, no grey area whatsoever
can they fail to prosecute that when they'll prosecute teenagers for possession of images that they took of themselves?
  +alyx_  unlikely
likely is that it's just rape culture and pigs being pigs
  +epi  wait
head or a porky lil buddy
brotherhood" sounds weird ...
btw :)
that's because it's a patriachal organisation run exclusively to give cops get out of jail free cards.
pretend they're unions but they have sweet fuck all in common with even the shitty bourgie unions
  tachikoma sick
says “traditionally a man and a woman” but that seems like it’s not binding?)
amazon you can order toilet paper in the condition "used" ... somebody might have to rethink his offer :)
ministers already can perform same-sex marriages in states where such marriages are legal. By a vote of 371–238, the 221st General Assembly (2014) approved an authoritative interpretation permitting ministers and sessions in these states to use their own discernment in conducting same-sex marriages, effective June 2014.
General Assembly also included in those changes clear language that no teaching elder or session can be forced to conduct a same-sex marriage ceremony if they do not believe it is appropriate. As of March 16, 42 presbyteries had voted against the amendment, demonstrating ongoing disagreement within the church.
it’s not exactly an overwhelming victory
- don't start with lego - my daugter yesterday found out they now have an elves series ...
  +locas  ugh
me ashamed to like lego so much
love lego
you can like the concept and your own memories of it without having to approve of the modern marketing direction they've taken?
but I mean I've bought friends shit
polybags for pink 1x1 round plates but still
why my kids have tons of lego - all from my childhood. But the new stuff is so awkward sometimes i really wonder at what point it went bad
not just the new stuff, they had old gendered lines that were just as bad
an ongoing problem
naja, das sind ja alles zugreiste franzosen, spanier und giexchen hier ;)
sorry
can't use screen with two channels
ich kann nicht spreche gut deutsch ;)
  +locas  lol
proving my point there)
oh ye you can ;)
it's getting harder and harder to find just lego on lego's website...
about frankfurt, opeing party for the european central bank - a little bit of protest happening there ...
a tiny bit ...
frankfurt demonstrators now captured a police car and are on tour ....
  tachikoma protestors
the molotovs start flying?
  +Kaiserette hurray
throw some at banks too
is sort of scary if you go to school there (it's in the west and not in the east, but still)
is a glorious day to be female.
I'll say that to myself every day to boost my self-confidence)
  insomnia  :)
  +breakdancingcat  :D
a busy day so far!
Frauen
geht's ihnen?
bin betrunken
ist mehr als ein auto, es ist ein Volkswagen.
there
  insomnia  hihi
do you think about the oppression against women in Saudi Arabia?
do you think we're going to say?
expect you to provide your personal opinions, obviously.
Czar_SlenderXP. I expect you to DIE
  +DrYucatan  :D
  +libbies  o.o;
  Czar_SlenderXP  ok
seems like kind of a silly question, in a feminist channel. do you think we're in favour of the oppression of women? or that we don't care? or that we don't know about it?
Again, it's obvious that you are against it.
  +kirjatoukka  "again"?
nvm lol
  +libbies  lol
don't think there's anything I can do about it.
rules of that country are in bed with the rulers of this country, and I have essentially zero say in any of it.
just got it
  insomnia  :)
not again :(
change name from cloud to this name. I dont wanna be guest 456
you should register your nick then
for the advice
  bajin BOO
  Parting BOO
  eegor eek
  bajin :o
been spooked
it's alive!
got some spooky skeletons in here
  insomnia  really
  bajin 5spoopy10me
  bajin *skellingtons
nice
  +epi  what
can c arguments about not feeding the military industrial complex
that case just buy used guns
I don't see the Runaway Slave Patrol putting down their guns
and that's a valid point.
  +LadyCailin Still.
what?
don't like adding more guns in the mix. On either side.
don't like that we have 2 b armed or that violence happens, but it does
what you're saying is we shouldn't challenge their authority
guns = more bad, regardless of context... regardless of how they are used... got it
  +alyx_  ...
just. Violence makes me uneasy.
for you, but you're not the one being shot by the cops
recognize that, and I won't fight them.
do you propose people do
know what makes people uneasy? the pigs murdering black people at a rate far higher than during the height of the lynchings, the pigs putting making the black prison population higher than the black slave population in 1850
sit there as the cops kill them?
of course not
they can't arm themselves, what do they do?
"pretty please?"
don't claim to have a better solution
^
  +epi  lmao
apparently its a real book
A Voice for Men gave it a glowing revieww
they did
guy claims to have shopped in the middle finger in the video of the greek finance minister varoufakis - which was presented by german media and when being told it is a fake by the minister the media refused that ... now they really look stupid
humans
ripepeaches, what brings you here?
just exploring feminism, i want to understand it better.
ripepeaches
you
Program!
hello everyone.
  +libbies  hihi
  _blizzy_  :D
  insomnia  'ello
  +Euryale  ...
spell checker understands 'penises' but not 'vulvas'
wrote a thingy!
be extra interesting to the trans women and cis men in the channel:
men
on the professor though
right
shit...
some high-octane fedora wearing there
pride on challenging people's opinions!
a brave hero
whose Facebook page says he studies “How to Annoy People” at Reed, takes pride in challenging his classmates’ opinions.
the last sentence
he's a troll
that last sentence...
entitlement
clearly a troll, IRL
rants about feminist domination of the university on his reddit and hackernews accounts
he's just angry that all those sexual assault victims in university are taking attention away from women he considers virtuous enough to be /real/ victims
that's what got him banned)
that's what such people say in polite company
probably wouldn't actually believe any individual claim of sexual assault/rape w/o some sort of super-obvious physical evidence and immediately begin denouncing the victim. seen it happen
too
happened to me
the legal definition of rape is a slippery slope. If sexual assault becomes qualified as rape, what happens next?"
what, pray tell, is rape if not sexual assault?!
wait, I forgot
is property crime
legally sexual assault is differentiated from rape by forced penetration of any orifices in most legal systems, i think, but i don't get the impression that that's what this person was talking about
want to play a board games online
Volker Kauder ist dafuer"
anyone would have some good links proving the gender-gap for income .. I could use them atm. However it's not that important as the ignorant person claiming there is no gap is - well - ignorant... so i doubt it makes much sense to try convicing him...
  tachikoma thx
people seem to be upset that in germany there is a law in planning that would make unequal pay based on gender illegal - I'm sure that will end up as one of these laws that look good on paper but will most likely have no real impact on the lives of women, howver - it shows pretty clearly who is on which side at the moment
doesn't already have that as a consequence of the EU?
thought at the EU level discrimination based on "protected classes" was already illegal?
complicated and I'm not sure about the current state
that list is interesting, because you can see the bump where "white guys getting made redundant" in the economic crash un-skewed the distribution of the data
can take quite some time
against protected classes is codified in most EU countries laws, but I'm not aware of the specifics. :3 (also not sure if it covers wages)
think the current law propsal is based on that but from what i read it is more about the controlling part - meaning tha companies have to show how much they pay
don't think payments have been touched by eu laws about class discrimination from what i can see
guess it's "nice" that my workplace doesn't really have any scope for discrimination in "different pay for the same job"
say "nice" because the same rigid system prevents pay from being negotiable)
have bands for job titles, but there are variances within those bands.
in the same band as someone else, but they get paid a bit more than me :P
have bands, and fixed points within those bands, and progression within a band is length-of-service, nothing more
It's specificly said that it's not based on employment length; it's based on "an individuals skill and merit to that role" :/
sounds all nice and meritocratic, I'm sure.
which is basically "ability to make the managers like you and how strong your bargaining position is"
capitalist incentive is to minimise costs, you're not going to get a pay rise if they think you'll stay anyway, or they think they can't afford to lose you
was teamlead for some time and could see the amounts of what people with equal skills in exact the same position were paid and the women alwyas got less. I just got into the position and was able to see it, i won;t speculate about the hows and whys - also i know it's individual and no statistics - but whenever someopne tells me "there is no gender pay gap" and then tries to reduce existing statistics by statistical means I kind get angry because I'
do know some places that are sensible enough to pre-emptively raise salaries, but not many
I think it matters a lot which statistics you are looking for, because only by unpicking the statistics can you find the actual problems that need solving
i had discuddions when i could give employees raises and choose to adjust them to nearly the same level as that meant that men would not get a raise and women would get a bigger one than most other people ... because the mena would feel treated worse than the women and that could cuase unwanted arguments and discussions as well as demotivation ...
when people try and tear down the statistics to reduce the "pay gap number", it's stupid to actually discard the things you've controlled for
up to the opoint were they say "and that is then 2% difference which is statistical snow" - but I decided to pick my fight right and not waste time with these people, not on irc anyway
think the "bargaining" factor is probably the hardest to control for and correct
thats somebody who strongly arguments that nuclear power is safe and that fukushima was no problem at all, suggesting he would swim in the water in front of the plant ... so I doubt i could reach any change of mind in that person
he is not a troll - which might ve hard to believe
every single factor in pay difference is a social problem that needs solving, they just all have different solutions and a lot of them aren't immediate
haha
then telling me that women earn less because they stay more at home - makes me cringe. I stayed at home for nealry 2 years while my wife worked and now we swithced and she only will stay home longer than me because she earns less and with three kids we now simply can;t afford me staying at home and her working. So the cause is in effect a result and not a cause.
stay at home for the kids - that info was missing in the last sentence ...
I transitioned from male to female, the monetary offers for jobs I got got worse for basically the same kind of positions I already had :/ but I don't know how much of that is also due to being perceptibly trans in some way
not sure I followed - it seems like you're saying "taking a career break" is a gap magnifier in hetero couples?
I'm not sure what I'm trying to say now
  Per72 Hello!
  +OffensiveUser  hi
am a 43 year old man from Sweden who became a Feminist about 3 years
  Per72 ago.
name is Per
interested in getting more women in politics, and I like to discuss society and Feminism with women
  +OffensiveUser  cool
  +OffensiveUser  hi
suppose you are a woman?
i know your name, or should i just call you Offensiveuser?
is good
You are a woman?
like that
reason i ask is i want to discuss Feminism with women
like that"?
you a transgender?
don't normally pick on grammar, but someone /is/ trans, not /a/ trans
i'm swedish, so my english is not very godd
  Per72 *good
the most important thing is that you understand what i mean.
what do you mean exactly? :P
if I said I was a transgender woman, would you still consider me a woman?
like to know the gender of the person/s i speak with.
  +OffensiveUser  why
i agree that in discussions of feminism, the gender and trans status of somebody in the discussion can be relevant, it's very bad form to come in here, ask for somebody's real name, and then question if somebody is trans
I want a clear picture of the person/s i speak with. In my opinion there's nothing wrong with being transgender, I just want a clear picture of the persons i speak with.
gender
  +OffensiveUser  is
would win a fight, superman or goku"
on facebook so it's tru
i know the politics and religion fields are open-text, but i thought the new gender stuff you had to pick words from a list?
they changed it recently
last time i tried, i couldn't get it to do a freeform 'woman', although I guess I can try again right now
  libbies yeah
still can't enter 'woman' there.
don't know any transgender persons IRL, I know both women and men who are homosexuals, but I for sure benefit more from discussing Feminism with "natural born women", since I have experience of them.
want a bunch of adjectives so you can build a stereotype-based picture of somebody in your head... what makes you think that's a useful way to approach things?
misogyny I experience as a trans woman is the same as any other woman ;___;
born women"
were all born naturally
do you people ever distinguish between "troll" and "misguided"? :|
like to discuss Feminism with a transgender IRL, meet him/her over a cup of coffee or so. But when it comes to chatting with unknown persons on the internet, I prefer to chat with "natural" women.
Per72
about u read about things first
  +OffensiveUser  lolololol
as natural a woman as any other bruv
where in sweden are you, btw?
but i suppose that doesn't say much to you
does
actually know a swede who lives there... and he's an MRA-wannabe though :/
Have you been to Sweden?
  libbies nope
I said, my english is not good, i don't know what "MRA" means?
rights activist
I see.
having rights
next
having rights???
you should try your luck elsewhere.
you might call me a "WRA".
  +OffensiveUser  gross
breakdancingcat
your attitude to trans issues is gross and awful. as for your terminology (i know english isn't your first language): the opposite of 'transgender' is 'cisgender', not '"natural"'
u bust a move
been working in several different places since 1990. Most companies owned and ruled by men went bad, sometimes they even went bankrupt, while companies owned and ruled by women went good, they made more money, and were much more succesfull.
transgender is always an adjective, never a noun. don't say "a transgender"
you have to be very careful in here, we love being offended
  +OffensiveUser  well
suck at bussiness
so i learn some new words and correct grammar. That's why I'm here.
and if you did not work at at least say 100 - 500 companies, what you have experienced does not give or even imply and statistically significant results
everyone
but my fellow male colleagues under these 25 years have the same experience: that women in general are smarter. No my experience does not give any statistically significant results. I'm just telling you what I and my male colleagues have experienced.
why?
  +epi  !femops
want more women to rule politics and company business, for a better society.
there's a study about the success of research groups and their composition. Mixed (ethnically, culturally, gender, etc.) perform more successfully because they're more resistant to fall for certain types of bias in decision-making processes.
politics on top of that you want that too to achieve a broader representation of the public.
you seem to be doing a pretty good job of annoying pretty much everyone here, maybe you should talk less and read/listen more. :)
we are very easily annoyed because we are very insecure about ourselves. i am not sure what your goal is here, it seems you just want us to like you because you "think women are good"
transgender" might not take kindly to being interviewed for your curiosity or academic whim. nor do i think any "natural" woman.
when i stayed at home the sum of our income was less than wehn she stays at home, and with one kid we could afford the less income, however now we need more money with more kids and thus now we can't take parental time equally anymore. So - the fact that she is at home right now is only due to the fact that she earns less for the same position - while being told by people that she only earns less because she stays at home more.
two are not mutually exclusive, but i had to be snarky)
oh nice, you actually have worthwhile paternity leave?
it seems like there's certainly a problem there, I won't deny that, but in a lot of countries paternity leave doesn't even exist, so career breaks are even more heavily skewed towards mothers
there is a significant different in pre-children wage gap and post-children wage gap
exists as a "token effort" in the UK currently...)
the basic issue is the pay-gap here, not the paternity program - which could be improved of course but at least does work to a certain extend. At least I could spent a bit more than two years with my kids - I was at home for after they each were one year old. It was stressy - I' won;t deny that, but it also was very nice. I\d love to do it again but that we currentlu can;t fford and that is only due to the gender pay gap at the moment.
how is it that you've ended up earning so much more than your wife doing the same job?
to pry too much, but you almost sound like an ideal case-study in motivations and outcomes :P
I think basically i changed the job more often
LambdaSix
the same company, but when we got our first child we were in the same dpartment at the same position
need a lemsip IV, dying ;-;
job change involved a little raise, she did not apply for everything that sounded even remotely interesting, so the income split. But I think I already got more from the start although I don't know for sure
  tachikoma s/split/gapped/
but that's interesting, because that reinforces the narrative that women don't progress as fast because they don't push so hard for it
to some degree, but i really think i already got more from the start - but would need to recheck in order to be sure, would reauire digging in some mailarchives from me and my wife
not trying to undermine your experiences, just that the difference in progression doesn't sound discriminatory
I think I just wanted to try stuff out, some jobs i applied for just out of curiousity
puts the problem in a different class of social change required than just expecting outcomes to be the same across the genders
extrapolating too much from an anecdote, but that's what a lot of people cite as the difference
is true, but imho it is only one aspect, as I was a teramlead at some point (applying for everything that sounded even remotely interesting) and could see the salasries - and there was a clearly visible difference even between people already working on one position for some time depending on their gender
see the same "pay gap" if you look just at the narrow data of men split by personality type
without jobhopping there still would be a gap, although maybe not that big
could you see the data on when those people tried to get raises?
cheaper to retain people who are risk-adverse
no, but from my experience here nearly never anybody asked for a raise. At least while i was teamlead not a single request came - but the company raised sallaries at least every year or half year by itself so I guess that lowers the requirement for asking for a raise
raised them all equally? so it's just an extrapolation from different starting salaries?
my experience in IT, the more positions you change, the more your salary increases even if its a little, so you're getting more rasies as you navigate different positions
if you had more positions you generally had the higher salary, same with changing shifts
for thought
the teamleads get an amount they then can split across the team
that is my experience as well ... up until i transitioned and then i took a paycut :D
so the team leads got to choose who they thought was the best investment in terms of staff retention?
can see a bias towards people more likely to look elsewhere
shit libbies
  +breakdancingcat  :(
  +breakdancingcat  awful
ideally would be by performance but we were really good in rendering all those performance reviews as more or less useless :)
upset
would you say that
have to pay me to scold you :P
I just realised it could sound that way
not something I do for free :p
  +breakdancingcat  oh
  +breakdancingcat  haha
that a new person wouldn't be given the benefit of the doubt
you wont always be so lucky
  Alan  heh
general asfar as I can see mosst teamleads - at least at the point in time i was at that position - tried to equal salaries as best as possible - but if that involves big raises for a few and none for the rest that would trigger a discussion with the superior managers
think Alan was just asking to be scolded.
mean, look at the way they're arguing. :|
tsk
massive sarcasm tag :P)
nearly all teamleads or project mangers here once were engineers that do have a different view than some hired manger that never was in the position of a non managing employee
yes, performance seems to be very difficult to measure in a lot of industries, and pay is more about market value than anything else... which is really crap
if you judge that other people are going to discriminate against somebody for being female, you're going to think you can get away with a low pay offer
this where somebody says "capitalism is part of patriarchy", it sounds like it
doesn't stop being oppressive just because "the invisible hand of the free market" is doing it
the people working here kind of think that they all perfomr and can judge that by themself, so up to the point the company was bought by a us company - nobody did any formal performance review. And once we had to do this us performance review the result was that everybody is as good as anyone else, which really was fun to communicate to the us managers that wanted to fire the people with the lowest ranking. turned out nobody had a lowest rankin
wanted a bell curve and got a solid tower :)
what did they do then? fire managers for not administering performance reviews properly?
fired nobody here ...
a matter of time? or did they just change their mind?
they accepted tht nobody was willing to judge the quality of an employees work based on a formalized questionaire
don't think I've ever heard a good story from somewhere that suddenly had a new parent company
then another company bought the company owning us, with another performance review script and it all started all over again - just that managers here already had experience in how to "fix" the system :)
were layoffs but they were not bsed on performance but on redundancy, that one can hardly figh in such situations
I can add to that list, i worked for an ISP that got bought out by century link.. bye bye happiness
really strong thing is that the upper management here stands behind us if it comes to motherships in other countries
fantastic, as long as it lasts
they're replaced with puppets
I guess if you're actually that valuable to the parent company they won't try and break your company just yet?
think the way performance is calcuated is wrong, the metrics managers use are often not representative of the actual work and furthermore, no companies understand what it means to invest in in employee, they all want the stars, the best, they dont think of an employees as a seed
that we have a "btriebsrat" that knows what it is doing
council that is
workplace doesn't really have any sensible way of measuring my performance, which is actually really depressing
if they came up with one, treating humans like robots is ridiculous
about the "as long as it lasts" - the success of the managers here i think is more relvant than they non compliance with us approaches to treating employess ... we always were the part in the companies that made money so that i think prevents them being replaced for the time being
that helps
I know a lot of companies are idiotic and do things like treating IT/development as a money sink and sales as the real creators of value
when asked why that is so - their answer just always is "because of our employees" :)
I am well aware that I live with these experiences kind of in a bubble :(
- i guess sales causeing the first iteration of the company to completly break is a reason this kind of thinking got healed :)
of software development... i should probably do some of that today
first worked for a small development company that was developing an os for the us mother - and at some point slaes prjected numbers that were utterly unreachable - but nobody wanted to see it. So expenses were made based on this number and at the end of the year - huge layoffs were necessary in order to not go bankrupt - which involved the whole german development team - including our bosses back then - and they organized job offerings for all of u
the UK I would get 1 week full pay, 1 week "statutory" pay (which is a fixed weekly rate, about 1/4 of my current take-home)
ouch, but good that your managers realised they had a good team they could put to good use
that is simpel - the money you get is the same money you get when you are laid of - at least for one year. So the paternity leave laws basically only add the feature that you will have the quarantee to get your job back - or an equal one - when you come back. Fro hte governements point of view they just make sure to not create unemployemnet through parenting
but the pay applies for the whole time?
the paarental leave case it is for 12 months, plus 2 more month when the partner also takes some parental leave. That is to encourage husbands also to stay at home with the kids.
- per child both partners have 3 years available to take parental leave - so you can stay longer but get no more money. In that case you have the option the only get one half of the 2/3 for a timeframe of 28 month
it's 12 months that can be split between the two, plus an extra 2 months reserved for the non-birthing person?
12 months if one stays at home and 14 if both stay with a miniumum of 2months for one partner
hink though it already changed again recently, more money or longer time now afaik, but fdid not look in detail, the numbers i write are from 3 years ago
parties here are trying to get the icelandic 6+6+6 model which would be p good
think germany does it mostly because the average age here - we have not enough children and nobody wants children ... so some incentive is reuiqred
weeks of leave, first 39 of those paid, first 6 at 90% pay and the next 33 at 50% of minimum wage (or 90% of weekly earnings, whichever is LOWER)
is like six months for each parent and then six to be divided as they please
average age of germans is somewhere at 42 or so, i think only japan is older
the first 2 weeks, the remaining 50 can be split into at most 3 chunks to be split non-concurrently between the parents
the first 2 weeks, paternity leave is the 1 week full pay, 1 week 50% of minimum wage  that I mentioned before
basically, both being home at the same time is impossible outside of those 2 weeks
you have a wage reducing system in case of economical downtimes?
  Alan  hmm?
when there was a economic depression here, twice at least since i work - companies would have to layoff people. In order to avoid that there is a law that the company can temporarily reduce working times for all employeees and then pay them less. Like you work one third less and only get half the salary - but the salary gets filled up by the governement to 2/3 so you still have the old income per hour, just you work less
heard of that here
again to avoid laying of skilled and longterm employees due to external factors
me lok up the name for it, i fogot
holy crap that's a fantastic idea
economic downturn from creating a downward spiral in economic demand and spending power
like the most obvious way to make recessions short-lived
was having a rant at BF this morning about how recessions/economics etc, in general, are treated like this alien force that humans cannot control.
than an obvious consequence of human behaviour?
and that we just have to wait for it to level out.
than taking specific action to prevent the damage from spreading. Instead it's just quantitive easing to make the budget sheets look good :P
another example of that which really winds me up is when people talk about 'the markets' and how they'll respond to a certain event.
don't understand how people can collectively be so stupid... oh wait, yes i do, greed
is just making money from nowhere, to keep private equity floating. But when it comes to something like a citizens wage "Oh but where would the money come from?!"
regards to the fact that all "free market" theory is based on a type of agent that doesn't exist
being rational agents with perfect information
wasn't it warren buffet who said when asked what is goin on in the world in relation to the sublime crisis and so on that it is very obvious that this is all just part of a war that the rich are qaging on the poor?
  tachikoma waging
either of those assumptions exposes the horrible flaws in any kind of "free market" syste
  Alan  system
these "save italy", "save greece", "save ireland" moves can be cleary translated into "save banks", "save banks", "save banks" ... as noen of the money spend in saving ever even remoptly reached the average population in those countries. In fact it was not even the banks from these countries that ultimately were saved but banks in germany and france ...
mostly disagree with Friedman on just about everything except conscription, negative income tax and some of his ideas around keynes theories)
friedman some sort of ultra-libertarian? or am i thinking of somebody else
"sort of"
  eegor full-on
in my semi-educated opinion, government bailout money would have been better spent underwriting private savings deposits and letting the banks implode under their own mistakes
wrong with marx? >_>
we've really done is teach corporations that not only does being large gain you a lot of power in a "working" market, but it protects you from consequences in a "broken" market
Friedman advised Thatcher and Reagon
  +LambdaSix  *Reagen
pinochet iirc
  +AbigailBuccaneer wowza
sure if he actually advised him but pinochet was into him
an economic sense or a romantic one?
Thatcher was cosy cosy with Pinochest, so probably dissemination of ideas
  +LambdaSix  *pinochet
pinochet allowed him to use his economy as an experiment basically
I'm not an economist and can't say what would be the best thing to do - but no matter what gets done  - I want it to be corectly described and named. So if we save banks then please lets say so - "Saving Deutsche Bank" and not "Save ireland".
Samuelson was an interesting Neo-keynesian. :3
J.F.K and L.B.J)
how else are governments going to misappropriate ECB funds?
yeah, you know i live in a bubble and sometimes have weird ideas ...
  +OffensiveUser  helo
have return
thatcher eh?
useroffensive
  +OffensiveUser  o/
a feminism channel! why? O_o
not?
we plot the downfall of the heterosexual male here
meetings were too costly
it's just what is there to talk about?
OffensiveUser seems to have answered the question here haha
  +OffensiveUser  well
dialectics are a hot topic
  libbies nomnomnomicon
  Felishia  mew!!!
͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
are you the Felishia I know?
one?
  Felishia  libbies?
esper?
yes
  Felishia  gender?
  libbies yup
yeoz
one
  Felishia  ohhhh!
figured.
is probably not the place for staring at girls though :s
  +OffensiveUser  memes
in trouble :< I can't find a reason why kids would compare numbers in real life for a game
just thought that I may get people who's active XD
girls know about kids right... ??
always crunched numbers for various NISA/Atlus srpgs >.>
how? XD
got it!
battery of a new toy broke
whatever, the electrical system
that the toy works again :D
  Felishia  :D
a puzzle inside of a game?
:3
evil :3
the robot broke and exploded, one of the chips got fried, replace it with a new chip but take care to put the right one according to the rules
guess the pedagogy people will fix how aggressive it sounds like XD or make a cute robot thing that did boom!
'bout that everyone <3
suppose they think they're funny?
  +libbies  nah
dono
happy its the end of my week.
for the end of weeks
not the end of days)
drink to that!  (or I would if I weren't still sitting at my desk for the next 6 minutes.)
all
  insomnia  quack
me with feminist strength, because I just can't fucking handle the privileged cishetwhitemaletears today
fuck, they seem to be everywhere
  aawe  hm?
got called a creationist today 4 calling out dawkins on sexism
  insomnia  :/
- because of course only creationists would dare think of Dawkins as any less than infallible
seemed upset with me when I said I was going to climb up on the roof to inspect the roofers.
roofing/supervise roofers
swear dawkins is the best parody of himself.
am outside of the loop, care to fill me in on dawkins?
a biologist who wrote some books on atheism and y religions r 4 loozers
now known more 4 tripping over himself w racism and sexism on social media
examples of this tripping?
on
me but all i said is that muslims r dumb n violent y is everyone so mad?" - Dawkins
just watch his twitter feed for any amount of time if u want to see
played some prank on his twitter a couple months back, i'm trying 2 find it
  aawe  jesus
people who speak most sensibly about the threat that Islam poses to Europe are actually fascists," - Sam Harris
o i am laffin
dawkins but gamergate)
they some oblivious mofos
remember a while back some1 had a bot on twitter saying random shit
some big gg guy got in an argument w it
was hilarious
oh yeah, i remember hearing about that. i really want to see those tweets, lol.
think this one's worth a read
really showcases the problem with the UN and feminism :\
so what is BOFA?
afraid the storify "article" you linked does not make sense outside of a very narrow contextual bubble of which I am not familiar with
  Evert83 Hi!
  Erik86  Howdi
are you?
  cjfc  hi
does !femops do?
the ops, presumably.
functions as Summon Ops 1, except it's a class ability instead of a spell.
all got levels in Feminist here.
tell me, what is feminism?
lol
skeptical of this
I'm basically opposed to the feminist movement, but I'd like to hear what you guys do from your own mouthes
is your realname and ident that slur
to an even better start
you are white
you are male
am white
that's a pretty broad generalization to make only based on, I am assuming, your impression of feminists online
  mxtm  !femops
problematic
what are you going on about?
hubbabubba being a shit
no mxtm how could you say that he's just asking questions like a brave investigative gentlesir
  ReginaLaqueus lol
  mxtm  lol
  mxtm  a+
as a feminist, I tend to prefer not using racial slurs and breaking the rules of the chats I join
my bad, that's "as a decent human"
have I broken the rules?
it's easy to get that mixed up with "as a feminist"
didn't see realname
Comments Asking Entry-Level Questions Will Not Be Allowed. Questions like “What is feminism?” or “Aren’t women already equal to men?” will not be tolerated as they are not the focus in this space. We ask that users educate themselves on these matters via our Educational Resources.
rule
I don't expect much constructive discussion from someone with a racial slur as realname
indeed
either
"what is feminism"
That, I believe, is a valid entry point to discussion
the point in asking that question was I wanted a constructive real-time discussion
the asker is just out for blood
he is
well I'm pointing at the rule - I believe it's a valid question too, but given the context, I'm going with "out for blood"
like to hear what you guys do from your own mouthes
for blood
I do. Hmm
eat pasta. I like to do that.
We assume you want to troll, based on your <realname>
ignoring this fact
how can you be opposed to the feminist movement if you don't know what it is?
I wanted to troll, I would just have flooded all of you with ctcp requests, changed proxies, and done it again via script.
no, I'm not trying to troll
cool story bro
you behind 7 proxies?
  ReginaLaqueus lol
i am, how did you know lol
  mxtm  !femops
  mxtm  oo
  mxtm  THANKS
  +DrYucatan  Whoo~
  ReginaLaqueus Yay
great justice
feminists are attacking his free speech :(
lil white guy
can't use racial slurs :(
should make cookies
5 day headache should end
  ReginaLaqueus :(
need to eat something today.
need to motivate myself to make this rice I've been meaning to make.
rice?
the fried variety? <3
:(
  +libbies  oh
looks even better :O
  +libbies  *want*
should totally make some and upload foodporn for me
that is relevant to my interests
think I will, libbies.
to show texture
yay!
ReginaLaqueus riddim speak systemd tachikoma thomas Tjis TMM tmro topdownjimmy transient-pyon udevd WalrusPony Wiktor yashi Zeuza
ReginaLaqueus riddim speak systemd tachikoma thomas Tjis TMM tmro topdownjimmy transient-pyon udevd WalrusPony Wiktor yashi Zeuza
  Humean  <3
<3 <3 <3
  aawe  hm?
was
  Guerillero  ya...
Alicia ania12lat AtHome bajin CGML colons cscorley curiousguy13 d33tah dfgg discopig dv- Emi fiyarburst FunnyMouth Guerillero Guest90702 hattusili_III Humean inf insomnia iocis_ lahwran LoRez meeple modulus_ MoeD moondoggy munch mxtm nuit petn-randall profess q3k rdema ReginaLaqueus riddim speak systemd
thomas Tjis TMM tmro topdownjimmy transient-pyon udevd WalrusPony Wiktor yashi Zeuza
Alicia ania12lat AtHome bajin CGML colons cscorley curiousguy13 d33tah dfgg discopig dv- Emi fiyarburst FunnyMouth Guerillero Guest90702 hattusili_III Humean inf insomnia iocis_ lahwran LoRez meeple modulus_ MoeD moondoggy munch mxtm nuit petn-randall profess q3k rdema ReginaLaqueus riddim speak systemd
thomas Tjis TMM tmro topdownjimmy transient-pyon udevd WalrusPony Wiktor yashi Zeuza
much fun~! :3
  Wiktor  yyyaaaaayyy
the purpose?
off people, i suppose
  Humean  attention
SL0P3
boi
life
  SL0P3 gr
  SL0P3 8
are tho Nazi men
good
  jiraffe who?
tryinf to abusd us ya kno
Hitler?
dead
  SL0P3 no
  SL0P3 frozen
I haven't seen that movie yet
it good
is good
well, I've heard that one song 10 times already hah
Re you insulting hitler
where did they store hitler
you serious bitch?
don't need to insult Hitler
was the best femnazi evrr
  +epi  !femops
  SL0P3 wut
slurs
slur my speaxh
that's a problem?
  SL0P3 rusrs?
  +KatelynQBS yes
  jiraffe +j+
love it when you're listening to liberal cis white dudes ramble about how they perceive the world's problems
it's all asinine self-righteous shit like "how do we teach people to want less!"
then i'm like "do i bother engaging with this or do i just walk away fast and let them dudetalk"
away, obviously
  aawe  hm?
omg
had that talk with this environmental justice guy.
posts a crappy article that I'm pretty sure is from DGR (the transphobic group) that's basically about how technology is bad and I pointed out to him how it's blatantly bigoted towards people w/ medical issues and disabilities
reached a point where I feel like I can't trust people who aren't severely sidelined by society.
primitivism?
yeah... I don't trust people who aren't marginalized
don't choose who to trust based on which categories I can slot them into, but rather who they are as a person
I guess I can sympathize somewhat with building up a defense of prejudice from experience. I have done that too, but it's never helped me
  +epi  ...
call it whatever you want
alyx_ ilovecum
AbigailBuccaneer ilovecum
agnosticnixie ilovecum
alialliallie ilovecum
annika_ ilovecum
man it's exciting being on the top of the list
another failed ident.
  +LadyCailin lol
impersonators; my actual nickserv pass is cumisunderwhelming
what a dork
is so 2014
they really aren't even trying. that's pathetic
u rottenapple
  +Kaiserette wow
?
alyx_ ilovedicks
AbigailBuccaneer ilovedicks
agnosticnixie ilovedicks
alialliallie ilovedicks
  +KittenGNU  !femops!
  +KittenGNU  !femops
  +KittenGNU  ...
bot is trying to login to our user accounts
at least mine and others in #freenode
confirm
confirm
  +KittenGNU  Um,
it's all good, i don't need voice, i found out how 2 do it
got creative now hey
  +epi  :/
how turkey being allowed to kill kurds is more important to the west than kurds being allowed to fight back
something happening or something
never got ctcp'd like this before or even had people try to bruteforce my login
Lovely :/
it's happened a few times to me
it's a freenode-wide spammer
i change my password to something longer than hunter2?
to be concerned about unless your password is "a"
  +epi  yes
"password" :P
make it like, 15-20 characters
"suckit" believe it or not
password is password backwards
for some reason the lamest football (not handegg muricans) club here in my country is one of the most used passwords in the world
sdrawkcab
what's that?
teenager, much respect 4 her
  +Kaiserette benfica
literally the most used password in the world cuz people get fanatic about it
of the most*
do i english
do how you.
everyone <3
Euryale
the way... if any of you are having problems making nice machine-rememberable passwords... if you're using GNU/Linux or OSX, feel free to use my password generation script:
generated passwords are usually a bad choice for me :P
  +Euryale  :>
from what i've seen a lot of big irc networks have been attacked lately
got ddos'd the other day...who knows if its the same people
did irc ever do 2 these ppl
something to do with skeleton sjws
god those skeleton armies
know crackers use irc networks to test their botnets.
you have a skeleton in you right now
!!! no
sorry :(
hey
a skeleton ain't bad
got calciums and good bones
dont you wannabe on the right side of the upcoming skeleton war?
skeletor
  +KatelynQBS yy..yes
wish i still had that browser extension that replaced "SJW" with skeleton
extensions that let u replace any word w any other word
all started w the cloud 2 butt extension tho
that one
might reinstall chrome just for it :>
  +epi  jfc
is a ridiculous article.
of my Facebook friends posted it, saying they were the "words he was looking for"
should tell him that his face is the target your fist was looking for.
  +epi  agreed
lol
if you wanna be more hardcore you can always say this in verbatim
  +Kaiserette fascists?
Why is this person your friend, again?
live to see them eat their fasces
Facebook friend, wouldn't say IRL friend
i hope they leave enough room for my fist cuz im gonna RAM IT INTO THEIR STOMACH AND BREAK THEIR GODDAMN SPINE NEAAAGGHH
80s cinema lol
fair enough
a shithead IRL, honestly, so I'm not sure why I'm friends with him on FB
that's good, they gave rape victims cookies to help them recover from having some creep belittle their experiences!
and play-doh...
we're all good
  +DrYucatan  :I
yes woody guthrie
left wing feminists and the folky feminists and the choir feminists were all pumped
I saw the black metal feminists also singing along but they won't admit it the next day
metal feminists?
they were really into darkthrone
enough
awesome
gallhammer
my god hahaha
just overheard my roommates talking about the concept of an "Irish Car Bomb" as a drink, and how it was problematic, and how people would probably speak out against a drink called an IED
machine kills fascists
  +Kaiserette O.o
one of my roommates just said "What about an IUD?" and another goes, "That would be a terrible drink! You drink it, and something in it just gets stuck in your throat for FIVE YEARS"
eegor, you weren't voiced
  +upholderof HAHAHAHA
it's +m again
:/
yeah irish car bombs will get irish people really upset and so will black and tan
out ye black and tans!
like think black and tan is like this neat irish thing bc it uses guinness but its not even sold in ireland, and then you get ridiculous things like ben and jerrys releasing "black and tans" ice cream on st patricks day
if they had that for other occupied countries eh
I think I read somewhere that it's called a "half and half" in Ireland
was the the end of the trail of tears, imagine if there were trail of tears icecream that would be awful
is a black and tan?
force I guess?
wasn't aware it referred to a beer until just now.
a beer cocktail made from like a stout and a lighter beer and/or the police forces that were sent to crush irish rebellions in the 1920
  +upholderof oh!
  +eegor  *1920s
it's Guiness + llight beer
  +GorillaWarfare Wow
+ light beer
hi
:)
is the feminist chat room right?
  @alyx_  yeah
Sorry, i'm new
brings you here?
mostly :P I'm really bored and nobody's on facebook
tried digging around on the rest of the internet but it's horrible out there :P
  @alyx_  aye
about you?
always here, lol
you run it or something?
  @alyx_  partly
nice x That's a really good thing to do
CharlotteBareill and insomnia
I like that it's trans inclusive
:P
to the feminist conspiracy!
  +Kaiserina  hi
:)
is where we plot to take over the world
  +CharlotteBareill Exactly
i'm not sure where to start
  +upholderof :)
Sakai killing it
fantastic
like his writing style quite a bit, I don't know why people diss it
what's the feminist scene like in your area?
not academic enough~ or something
I live in Cambridge, so it's really active x Did you guys see the whole "i need feminism because" thing that was around a while ago?
was my group
about yours?
  +upholderof UK?
  +CharlotteBareill Yep
ON?
ON?
  +upholderof ontario
sounds magical :P
organized a little bit in cambridge ontario!
isn't much of a thing here :v
are you from Kaiserina? x
  +Kaiserina  lusitania
this chatroom is really make me feel my lack of geography skills
answers he gave to "Are the settler societies of North America different from the racist and imperialist countries in Europe in any kind of fundamental way which should be important to anti-fascists?" and "How do you view the rise of the Far Right, specifically the American Far Right?" in that interview I just linked are good
  +upholderof lol
said i'd never need them.
  +Kaiserina  portugal
wow
the more common name
  +Kaiserina  :p
have at least heard of that one <3
just assume everyone is as much of a history buff as i am so they know names of the roman provinces like i do lel
  +upholderof lol
  +CharlotteBareill Haha
is feminist activity and some communities around lisbon just not where i live
its just 15 mins by train so
did you get into it then?
internets
  +Kaiserina  mostly
been a feminist for ages I just didn't know that everything I thought was feminism
chucked around as such a hated word
i try to spread the word every once in a while...its funny, a lot of people will agree with me BUT if i use the word feminism or feminist too soon i see dem running
I know -_- You can have a rational conversation with them up to that point and then you're a man hating lesbian.
that there's anything wrong with that
not. I'm a somewhat suspicious bisexual. It's not nearly as evil :p
we get to deal with "HEY YOU CHOOSE A SIDE"
lawd
even get me started on that
not as bad as you're just doing it for attention
because I WANT to deal with all your heteronormative crap.
for sure
not heterophobic but goddamn i can't stand all these heteros shoving their sexuality everywhere kissing and holding hands
  +upholderof lol
  +CharlotteBareill Heh
are trying to force my church to marry them now!
heteros
people have a right to be homophobic if they want to be!
of speech!
political correctness gone mad!
peach
I can't convey humour effectively over a keyboard.
  +upholderof lol
usually just use tildes to underline sarcasm
  +Kaiserina  ~whataboutehmenz~
  +CharlotteBareill Haha
  +CharlotteBareill ~misandry~
stealing “somewhat suspicious bisexual"
is an excellent turn of phrase CharlotteBareill
WE ARE VERY SERIOUS ABOUT MISANDRY HERE. NONE OF THAT ~ SHIT
  +CharlotteBareill <3
men 2k15
MISANDRY
can’t help but cackle every time I’m called a misandrist
really annoys me is that i swear i'm doing more for actual men's issues than so called men's rights activists
to god i've done more campaigning for men's shelters than any of them
the issues they have just boil down to why won't women fuck me.
feminists do serious prison work and mras never do
don't wanna get hard jobs like coal mining!!!!11"
they do, lots, and you can attribute mining labor organizing to women \o/
bugs me is the whole "men are the biggest victims for homicide thing"
i gotta go to bed
Killed by other men
goodnight
have a serious masculine violence problem
:)
  +breakdancingcat  o/
breakdancingcat
up!
as per usual
trying out a bunch of IDEs for Linux
  +breakdancingcat  woot
  +OffensiveUser  aaaa
finally got the eq in the ballpark of just right
was paying attention to #videogames for a total of 5 minutes yesterday and there was a slur used against anita sarkeesian and feminism. :| i know that stuff is all over twitter (still) but it made me really uncomfortable to see it happening right in front of me
coworker just went on a rant to me about how his ex-girlfriend was 'mental' for being annoyed when people abbreviated her name (the same as mine) incorrectly
was praising me for being 'logical' for abbreviating my name in the way he would've expected
  +AbigailBuccaneer ://///
  +bekabug  lulz
name is rebecca and i shorten it to beka. blows the minds.
how unreasonable to be annoyed when someone gets your name wrong
maybe you should start mispronouncing his name.
we were +m?
MY GOD. he was asking me whether i prefer abigail or a shortening and how it should be spelled, i said abigail was fine and i prefer it shortened to 'abi'
was asking me for an email to be sent to multiple people
spelled it 'abbie', ie. how his 'crazy ex-girlfriend' spelled it
on and off the past week
Abby would be wrong too? Abi is the only acceptable variant?
wonder if he'd also support a white list for names like in some countries. got to canonicalise this or it's anarchy! ;-)
yeah... germany and some other places do that, don't they.
first names of German children must be approved by the authorities" that's mildly terrifying
it's just that when i abbreviate it, i use 'abi'. i personally don't really care if people abbreviate it differently, but if somebody else does care then that's their choice
  +bekabug  absolutely.
its pretty much the same here
only allowed to have names from a pre-selected list of names
WHAT???
can’t just make up a name?!
where are you?
  +Kaiserette portugal
keilana
  +Keilana  waaaaaat
totally didn’t know that was a thign
actually think it's the same for most of europe...lol
  +Keilana  O.o
AMURICA you can make up whatever the hell name you want because ‘MURICA >.>
can in brazil as well
i do believe that is better
I imagine there’s a racism component to it...
making everyone conform to a single set of arbitrary patterns decided by "the powers that be"
had a friend who wanted to name her son something. it wasn't totally off the wall...it was a family friend's name. they were in Germany. anyway they lost their appeal. it was sad.
concept is completely foreign to Americans. we're like "I'm going to name my baby bumpercar chandelier and there ain't nothin no one can do about it!
wow allergies hit all of a sudden. i was outside for half a second.
think there was a case in iceland recently where the kids couldn’t get passports because of it? and there was some complication with their immigration status because of that.
shouldn't be regulated
  +Kaiserette imo
just a sly way of restricting cultural development to certain directions
  +Keilana  ^^^^
  +Kaiserette lol
the UK you can change your name to whatever you want. :3
poll \o/
have heard of cases where it’s been argued that the name is basically abusive, though i can’t think of a real-world example right now. i feel like maybe there should be a requirement in exceptional circumstances?
There was that US couple that named their kids Adolf, Goering and Himmler?

something to that effect.
ah yes, just found that — I wasn’t even sure if it was real.
yeah, someone named one of their kids Adolf Hitler Campbell.
exceptional circumstances, it could be a matter of child welfare.
make a small list of NOT-allowed names
hitler or mussolini
taking it on a case-by-case basis would be better perhaps. But yeah, blacklist better than whitelist.
give this a shot ;s
  +GorillaWarfare *:S
a cup of coffee (_)P
  +locas  :F
want a coffee
:o
a kettle, to be fair
a nice press is all you need
are cool
think 1am is past approriate coffee time
nearly 16:20 here.  >.>
hot beverages
have decaf I suppose.
nofat, skim milk, with artificial sweetener.
mean, your nick IS “insomnia”… :P
appropriate.
branch of Insomnia Cookies is opening up by my university. I’m so excite.)
3 pots of coffee probably have nothing to do with it.
nothing at all.
possible causation there
do so many people shy away from youth and ageism as feminist issues?
friendly-ish stand up comedians go
of feminism friendly comedy...
noticed today how much more obvious racism, misogyny, ableism, ect... are when you turn off the sound and judge the jokes by the subs ;)
those live subs that are a couple seconds behind the action
a cool experiment!
  +zetkin :|
billed her for treatment against her will? :|
  +zetkin yeah
not anything racist or sexist going on there
saw that this morning. horrifying.
another reason for me to hate psych "professionals" how lovely
like that they decided to bill her for it. Very classy.
they’ll be charging prison inmates rent.
give them ideas
charge fees to commissary accounts. monthly fees they take out of the money they earn there or that their family puts in the accounts for them.
when you're done with the account...they charge you fees to withdraw your money. any money you have on you when you're arrested and booked goes into these accounts. the whole thing is a scam.
are we +m again :/
The joys of a privatised prison system? :P
yup :P
101 is the religious freedom bill
freedom"
  AdNauseaum  >religion
  AdNauseaum  >freedom
one
  +yar  no
a stupid false dichotomy
feel like we've been getting pretty new athiest lately, lets not do that
not an atheist but i enjoy having lots of them around. i think they make extremely valid points from time to time. and those satanists...whoo boy they are kind of my heroes. lol that's probably a bad thing to say >.>
already have religious freedom in the US. Any bill that purports to expand that is going to be at the expense of minorities.
tend to be randian individualists so they can all get bent
apparently two distinct groups of "satanists"
the randian ones, which, yeah, fuck them
enjoy how they are trying to put giant statues of baphomet everywhere
there's the ones that offer coloring books
give out toys to children
"religious freedom" that's the issue, it's that the usage of "religious freedom" there is "religious freedom to discriminate"
true.
is what these bills are.
saying that religion is discrimination, just a number of people use it to shield bigotry in problematic ways)
think pretty much every athiest is basically agnostic
athiest presented proof of a higher being would immediately become part of that practice
just shield theirs behind "reason" and "biological truths" :P)
i think pretty much all of them would claim that, doesn’t mean it’s actually the case.
it would mean giving up the opportunity to be smug about how enlightened they are.
the US "religious freedom" means christian freedom
can worship jesus christ however you want
you gave an athiest proof that god exists, there's almost no way they would deny proof
pretty sure if we're being honest, most atheists do believe that god does not exist.
entire culture is based off of logic
  +morganq  rofl.
  +kirjatoukka  ~logic~
  +morganq  ~*~loooogic~*~
  +Kaiserette "logic"
have you noticed that you're repeating yourself?
giving my opinion that's all
are “logical” reasons to be religious
that can go out the window
have a rosy unrealistic opinion of your fellow atheists, AdNauseaum
not an athiest
yes Kaiserette
there are atheistic religions
atheists usually ignore
also true
is literally "absence of deities"
more :v
opinion is that most atheists are atheists, not agnostic. they honestly believe that god does not exist. that's the camp i fall into, and i think when atheists on the internet claim that they "really mean agnostic" they're being disingenuous.
schools of buddhism don't have deities
aware that athiests believe that there is absolutely no god, however if they were presented proof i don't think any of them would just flat out deny it
  +morganq  ok.
atheist but really i'm agnostic" == "this is my belief AND ALSO IT'S THE ONLY RIGHT ONE"
like religious people would if there was proof that there's no god. they would just shout 'blasphemy' and continue on
  +yar  pfft
do you know that all religious people would do that?
doesn’t even make sense as a concept in every religion.)
religious and i have never used the word "blasphemy" with a straight face. you're playing in stereotypes, AdNauseaum
is blasphemy
christian supremacy
IS MADNESS
  +Kaiserette Madness?
can you say this: <+yar> "i'm atheist but really i'm agnostic" == "this is my belief AND ALSO IT'S THE ONLY RIGHT ONE"
then immediately turn around and say i'm being stereotypical
  AdNauseaum  ok.jpg.exe
basing that on things you actually said
not athiest, i said that already
your particular combination of ignorance and arrogance may not be the best fit for this channel
mean i actually said "im not athiest"
now you resort to calling me ignorant and arrogant. you couldn't just have a conversation? you had to go there?
  +yar  chill
can’t help but wonder why you are so invested in defending atheists
no point was i defending athiests
  +kirjatoukka  …
is got a fairly sizable rooster
  AdNauseaum  cool
you been OffensiveUser
God doesn't exist, then you lose nothing by believing in zir and gain by doing so if they ultimately do. hooray for pascals wager :P
alright
the video games
thrown naked in a cell for daring to tell people i'm feeling suicidal
know
usual
dear, that is not good at all, i'm sorry OffensiveUser
  +LambdaSix  ._.
i wasn't completely naked i had this weird jean fabric dress
the fuck o.O
then they just
me home again
ok. bye."
mental health care. e.e sorry you had to go through that
stripped you naked and some asshole asked you six questions, clearly now you're better off than you were, bye"
That reminds me of my night in hospital for overdose. "Oh well your hearts ok, you can go home" "k. see you next week"
people find it weird why i dont trust doctors, lol
charcoal wouldn't be that bad if they didn't put about 5kg of sugar in it? idk.)
is so fucked up :/
are just really bad psychologists that attempt to fix problems with drugs instead of things that actually work
drugs work, they work very well. >_>
drugs didn't
off them for a week now nd i feel same
should really be called conformism maintainers imo
of them are barely more than that
the topic of psychiatry (I know that was like 4 hours ago, I fell asleep) - for those in America, NAMI does some awesome work that’s anti-police brutality and all about helping people with mental illnesses change the discourse and educate doctors and stuff and yeah they’re gr9
if you wanna check their stuff out (massive TW for…lots of things - violence, mental illness, medical stuff, the medical system being garbage, etc.)
they do some awesome stuff, it’s by and for people with mental illness and not like, “we should ~*save*~ the ~*poor sick ppl*~”
Kaiserette longs for the day when she can legally shoot "psychiatrists"

  +locas  saaaame
aka conformism maintainance
love how their response to people feeling suicidal is to put them in fuckin solitary confinement
idea
i'm gonna stop thinking/talking about this
me so mad
it's for the best
some sp00kiness instead
calcium and good bones come your way
  Jackson Gi
  Jackson HI
  Guest46984  Hi
  tachikoma haha
going to need to buy a coffee pot for this room. every time i leave my office the kid goes nuts and then the dog goes nuts and it's chaos for 15 minutes.
  BrianBoruma heh
your female privelege shitlords
pride world wide
you don't want to be a submissive housewife
  BrianBoruma :DDDDDDDDDDD
imaginative....
pride world wide
proud to be white fuck the marxists
should clean up after themselves
  +Keilana  !femops
should clean up after themselve
was a chimpout
Ferguson chimps should clean up after themselves
  +DrYucatan  !femops
  +DrYucatan  !femops
love when the trolls don't even try
  +DrYucatan  !femops
  HenryPym  Wow
  HenryPym  Triggered
sure you are, honeybuns
for invading your hugbox cunt
  +ReginaLaqueus  <3
other one above should be banned too I assume ^
  +ReginaLaqueus  38.106.172.254
that one too
that's interesting
the other ban didn't catch it?
  Alan  wtf
  +ReginaLaqueus  Yep
the marxists” — funny how they don’t go to a marxist/socialist channel for that? >_>
  +ReginaLaqueus  Right?
  KingOfPol hi
KingOfPol
it raid day? sigh.
  +ReginaLaqueus  Apparently
  +ReginaLaqueus  !femops
wasn't caught by the ban for some reason
invaded their hugbox
niggers
Creativity is one thing anti-feminists rarely have.
do assholes seem to think that a space where people can feel safe is automatically a "hugbox?"
what's wrong with everyone being comfortable?
do they always use words that are really nice?
hugbox sounds amazing
a box you can retreat into and get lots of hugs? Sign me up.
OBVIOUSLY they'd object to being in a space that was hostile to /them/ or part of their identity and demand that people play nice.
similar situation with “social justice warrior”.
and white knighting
… which part of that is supposed to be a bad thing.
to pick awesome terms for things.
justice white knight
white-knighting isn't a "nice" thing?  is it not part of the damsel-in-distress trope?
do think that "white knighting" is somewhat valid in that I have seen dudes call themselves feminists and use that as leverage to attract women or make them feel more safe.
identifying with it (i.e. claiming it as nice rather than insulting) sort of implies agreeing with the fact "women need men to save them"?
assholes have taken it to mean "any man who is not a problematic asshole and who is actually a good person."
there’s a criticism from a feminist perspective as well as the criticism from the anti-feminist perspective. >.>
+ Alan, yes, those are criticisms of it.
does Pathfinder, LambdaSix. Very awesome class.)
(nifty)
example, I was staying with a friend (A) for a while, and he had /his/ friend (B) over. B and I started chatting, and he seemed really cool! But then he started talking about erotic photography, and asked to photograph me in then nude.
had previously mentioned that he had a girlfriend, and I said "Oh, are you and her poly?" He said no, but that "I'm sure she wouldn't mind." I told him that I didn't entirely feel comfortable, and he said "Aww, come on. I'm a feminist!"
ew.
do not think that word means what he thinks it means
demerit for treating polyamory like an excuse for an affair and creeping
ended up loudly saying "WELP OKAY BEDTIME FOR ME GOODBYE" and locking myself in the spare bedroom while he fidgeted in the living room.
think that's why I started going to the dates house. If it's going awful I can sneak away after asking them for a glass of water or something, obviously it's not without problems. :3
now he's PMing me
totally rolling a witch next ad&d game I play
like Summoners.
broken but I love them.
is PMing me in an attempt to make me angry
adorable
keep calling him a cutiepie, I don't think he likes it
  +LambdaSix  u-mad.gif
a really great video on YouTube on how to make char siu bao and how to make the dough from scratch, but the girl who made it DOESN'T HAVE AN ACTUAL RECIPE FOR THE CHAR SIU.
still going. Heh.
switched from gendered slurs to racist slurs in my PMs
even replying, this is entertaining
envy your ability to find it entertaining.
he's raging at a random person on the internet, throwing insults, hoping something sticks
get furious and mad and nervous and baffled at why people are so terrible.
wants to make me mad, he wants me to react
so much more fun to watch them get furious that it's not working
goodie, they're message me too
sorry :( I hope he doesn't get to you
can choose not to /react/ or engage with them, but I feel only rage and great sorrow.
hard not to feed the trolls by making them angrier
normally just ignore them.
how bored I am
have a hard time doing anything other than attacking them verbally because I feel like I /need/ to smack them down and make them understand how terrible they are.
their sometimes vague attempts to couch it terms of a "debate" they're arguing from bad faith and only really worth RT'ing and mocking.
not even trying that, just throwing insults
called me a c*nt and I responded by thanking him, that I always did feel like I had the warmth and depth
  +ReginaLaqueus  ...
that's not what I posted
  +ReginaLaqueus  hahaha
  +ReginaLaqueus  Ohhhhhh
think the ignore-unvoiced-users bit stopped working again :x
I have that gif saved as a permanent link
love it
now I have to decide whether to ignore or just start responding with image links
I gotta go to a meeting anyways
is the purpose of boot-cut jeans or boot-cut/flared pants? They are the most uncomfortable and awkward trousers.
you
depends on the shape of your legs. i look horrible in straight leg jeans
getting messaged: y u no /umode +R ?
thx - i didn't realize i talked to the void :)
are all I can wear. And they have to have small leg openings.
am extremely picky about my clothing.
ditto heh
boot-cut just timid flares?
repeatig the one sentencee that was for alan ...
was i chatting with you about german approaches on how to cope with economic crashes and work in general?
I remembered a BBC documentation aftrwards, about a englishman who lived in germany for some time to document the specific ways of life here - although many things claimed are not really true (not all kindergartne in germany are in a forrest) it still is highly entertaining :) But maybe you already know it - I basically watched it because he moved to Nuremberg, which is where i lived for quite some time and still work
more than one  :(
about +m/+v, but the raids make it necessary
"
  +Alan :(
no need to be sorry
Cut is the origin of flares, it's cut to fit around boots, not just fashion boots but work boots and the like :v
somebody whose standard footwear is walking boots... the advantage of getting fat seems to be that "regular" jeans are sufficient to go over boots
fairly sure it wasn't previously the case for me
oh, sorry for that - it works here - which is really weird i think....
not really weird - seems to be standard practice for companies to block content in countries where it competes with their own legitimate distribution channel
it's particularly weird that it's blocked by Channel 5 but says BBC in the title...
ok seeing it that way
it's not that important, i just thought of it and remembered it being quite entertaining.
like it
lingering troll is now posting youtube links at me
  +LambdaSix  O_o
you've hooked a tenacious one.
still is hard for me to understand what makes someone join an irc channel exclusively to annoy, insult and disturb people ... i just don't get it
internal suffering
just try picturing this behavior  in real life ... all i can come up with a really absurd scenes ...
  +LambdaSix  :P
rotfl
yeah - something like that
lmao
lol
must be terrible to be able to afford expensive things that you don’t need
rich people. man they have it so rough.
  +epi  lmao
pocket change to 1%ers
  +epi  tbh
saw a thing on fb last night...one of my friends was complaining about not feeling "upper class" and they posted a stupid chart about income ranges. poor you and your six figure income.
you can afford a place to live, food, healthcare, transportation, clothing, general living supplies, and not be worried about survival? SHUT THE FUCK UP ABOUT MONEY TROUBLES.
don't deserve to be disappointed that you don't make more money.
am constantly amazed and delighted that my job pays me so much.
feeling I'm still not worth that much money, but oh well)
friend is a software dev and I was sort of expressing how jealous I am that he makes so much and how disdainful I am of people with financial stability.
wonder how much of that is from being homeless and without any money.
yuck
like, shut the fuck up, you just took a vacation to Israel you stupid fuck.
  +bekabug  bwahaha
can afford a fucking plane ticket you gross stupid fuck.
  +DrYucatan  Just....fuck.
soothe my moral conscious by giving money to charity, quite a few charities. XD
down to one car because we can't afford brakes on one. Still making payments on the one we can't drive.
annoying to be just barely making it. like...if nothing goes wrong, we're fine. but shit always goes wrong.
I was homeless towards the end of 2013. Like, shelter homeless. And then I was living with a friend while looking for a job. I have an apartment and a job now, but it is a shitty retail job and I do not make enough.
hate everything.
  +DrYucatan  Lucky.
got a minimum wage job about a week after that, totally lucked out)
I make more than minimum wage, but enough.
enough, I meant.
I get no benefits. So I have no healthcare. And I've waffled on getting Medicaid because ADHD and depression.
think there's a big problem where people live to the edge of their means...
then they complain about how little they have because the numbers don't look nice, and don't notice what they've actually done with all that money
is dumb.
is awful.
which state are you in?
are awful.
York, bekabug. NYC specifically.
shit.
is awful - it's a system by which you have to convince other people that you should be allowed to live, and those people don't have to care whether you manage to live after all anyway
people get all dramatic and say things like "So you think we should just GIVE money/food to people who didn't 'earn' it?" I say yes. Yes, I do think that we should just give things to people because you shouldn't have to fight for your right to exist.
where does my greed fit into a post-scarcity world? how will I show off if there's nobody to crush beneath me?"
  +bekabug  haha
basically what it comes down to
a species we could probably achieve everything we want or need with 20-hour work weeks and everybody having plentiful necessities
no, we have to work some people into the ground with 80-hour work weeks just to stay alive, whilst maintaining a pool of unemployed to keep the value of labour down
bekabug saying about payments on the car and "if nothing goes wrong, we're fine", the "poverty trap" is such an annoyingly real thing
complain about taxes, but honestly I wouldn't mind being taxed heavily and having only a bit left over for luxuries and non-necessities.
I want to be secure that I won't ever have to pay for food, housing, medicine, transportation, etc.
the penalties for screwing up or being screwed over are so high when you don't have the money to gloss over problems
of my money now goes either into savings, charity or patreons
wish I was an artist.
would help me out a lot.
I should start a nihilistic Patreon as some sort of artistic statement and produce almost no art.
boss and i look at how much i bring home and yeah it sounds like something you should be able to live comfortably on but....there are 3 people i'm supporting on that money. plus a house and 2 cars.
HVAC freon lines developed a severe leak and all the freon left. it was $800 to have it repaired and refilled. that happened in october and almost ruined christmas.
will say sell the second car, but that isn't always possible - you both need to get to work, etc
not rlly alternative transport in a lot of places
is a stay at home dad. i don't want them both trapped here. what if he needed to take baby to the doctor or they had an emergency? there is zero public transportation here. you can't even call a cab.
and then I guess childcare costs almost as much as the take-home from a second job?
a modest vehicle with a modest payment. our second car isn't a lexus or even an SUV
seems to often be the case
there'd be no way he could work outside and we afford daycare.
of course you have the poverty trap elements of having monthly payments on cars rather than owning them outright
  +bekabug  yup
are a lot of things where it's expensive to not have money, and it's frustrating
also just irritates me how income isn't related to how hard you work at all, just what profession you end up in
might be related within a profession, but not between professions
DO I NETWORK
feeling guilty that I earn so much more than my parents...
"So you think we should just give people money" YES YES YES FUCK YES
Basic Income, right the fuck now.
  +LambdaSix  :|
don't work that much harder, or even as hard as them
should I be rewarded disproportionately?
das hokey cokey
food workers work much harder than bankers or pretty much any white collar professional.
and selling things is totes labor intensive
the Wealth Creators
cha know
over people depositing money too
conversation is making me sad
  +OffensiveUser  same
  +DrYucatan  Yes.
prolly gunna play some unlicensed genesis games
have a safety net. if shit really hit the fan, i wouldn't be completely screwed. so many people are not only worse off than we are, but they don't have that at all. it's like....how is this even humanity?
especially hate the "piracy hurts artists" thing when it's like, you stupid fuck, you're a big name with a major record label.
gonna really try not scrolling up cuz im gonna need a drink afterward
  +Kaiserette s
a good idea, Kaiserette.
have pleased me dear mortal
my boon
a boon
dutch for bean
  +epi  lol
it coffee beans
them
need those
i know it correctly is a term commonly used for rewards given by pagan deities
boon is like, a gift from a god in a myth or rpg or whatever
somethinglike that yes
especially hate capitalists who say things like "Well, you know, you could always work three jobs to support yourself and learn a trade and a skill and develop that skill and market it and eventually have a better job!"
the "educate thyself, peasant" line. Like, in what time and with what money?
are literally advising me to subject myself to agony for the /chance/ at something better.
  +Kaiserette bootstraps
yes, when will I have the time? How will I be able to do these things when I have no energy?
say in greek myth, perseus's sword (given to him by zeus), or his helmet (from hades) would be a boon
~magic~ or not
a web developer. if you're in the wrong part of the country, you're screwed. so i need to uproot my whole family and move. yeah...not likely to happen.
muh bootstraps
album is amazing.
and The Diamonds FROOT
it wrong of me to consciously and deliberately "spoil" people's good moods about their finances or material possessions?
  +ReginaLaqueus  Why?
money privilidge checking?
  +LambdaSix  *privilege
why what?
whatever
depends. some people need a reality check  from time to time.
should go home, heh
I mean why do you do that?
LambdaSix said, enforced money privilege checking.
don't get to feel happy about their finances unless I do.
mean, for example, I was excited yesterday because I found out I had a raise, I wasn't going around saying "HAHA I HAVE MORE MONEY THAN YOU" or anything but am I wrong to be excited about something like that?
  +bekabug  lol
sounds pety
why I asked if it was wrong, OffensiveUser.
determine if it is indeed inappropriate.
they’re being dicks about how much money they have, i don’t see a problem.
feel like it sounds petty too but since that's the position I was in, I don't know. If someone else comes up to me and says they got a raise and they like, make double what I do, I'm happy for them too
I think that's the difference, whether they're being dicks
don't feel joy when others tell me that they're in a good financial situation.
mean, if they are escaping poverty into one, then yes.
feel like it might be more reasonable to ask them not to bring it up with you
if they've never really had to deal with homelessness and no income...if they've always been at least relatively okay, then I'd just get angry.
someone close to me (who was financially stable) told me that they got a raise, I'd have the desire to say "Oh, fucking awesome, you were already doing well for yourself, want to give that extra money to me, you fucker?"
am very bitter about this issue and probably have unhealthy thinking patterns about this, I admit.
am I "okay" then because I was raised poor, had no income for a while, when I did get a job my parents tried to steal my money? Am I allowed to be happy about a raise then?
… what do you expect the outcome to be?
I have expressed that I know this is unhealthy.
sorry for bringing this up.
sorry, I started getting worked up
it's fine to be angry. shit is unfair. someone close to me works at a grocery store and makes more than I do but my family have it in their head that since he was SO POOR and struggling for so long that he still needs his asswiped
call them out on it and let them know how angry it makes me. it makes people uncomfortable and i don't care at all.
blame this all on capitalism.
think my point is that you have every right to be angry and I'd never tell you not to be, but if someone isn't being a dick about it, then I really don't feel it's appropriate to "spoil" their good moods
bitterness and resentment over things like this.
said 'i'm sorry' on the internet. i think i need to call huffpo or something. this needs to be documented.
apologize all the time on the Internet.
too much.
know, ReginaLaqueus.
hard not to feel anything but envy, though. And envy leads to resentment.
for the record most of my blabbering was in the personalfinance channel so I know they expect it there :P
in the same place with my husband, there
I recognize is irrational and unhealthy.
makes less than I do, so I'm helping him out, and he feels weird about that
might be opening a whole other ugly ass can of worms here but i typically don't start losing my composure until people say something stupid like "Got a raise. Now we can afford to go to Disneyworld. We're so blessed."
just want to drive to their house and stand on the porch and scream until my lungs explode
yeah, I do at least roll my eyes at that, heh
a raise, now I can afford to get laser hair removal" ;p
I fear that nothing better than what I have now will ever come.
don't care what people spend their money on. i just don't want to hear about it and i don't want them acting like some fairy godfather gave it to them because they deserve it
actually, that's a deep, ingrained thought pattern that is constantly plaguing my mind. It's not "sometimes."
assuming we're on about actual raises here, rather than "trying to keep up with inflation but failing"?
  +bekabug  right
apologize for being so negative and hurtful.
alright DrYucatan.
friend was telling me the other about how she is sick of men appropriating women's spaces.
only physical spaces but virtual ones as well.
^_^
:D
off my medication makes everything so hard
brain. geeze. i need you today!
are you up to, bekabug?
trying to work
keep getting distracted
sitting in class, soaking wet and freezing :(
come flap with us!
horrible legacy of Quiet Hands..)
hands! Loud hands forever!
  +bekabug  xD
hell with anyone who tries to make us have quiet hands!
is purple rn)
purple is the most rad hair color but blue is second most rad!
uh blue is most rad!
who in here introduced me to Sookee?? because I owe them a thank you <3
purple is totally the raddest :P
that pic is meeee
eyebrows are awesome I must say :)
  +ReginaLaqueus  hehe
super rad
I’m distracted haha)
never dyed my hair.
I've used coloured gels but never actual dye.
blue eyebrows are good.
don't know if my hair would look good any other colour.
you weren't voiced upholderof
  +upholderof oops
airship
could someone please give carlexi +v?
If a white man wants to lynch me, that’s his problem. If he’s got the power to lynch me, that’s my problem. Racism is not a question of attitude; it’s a question of power.
Stokely Carmichael
not to say that attitude means nothing, but that attitude depends on power for it to be realised
good quote
  +LambdaSix  *yawn*
day of spam?
think
headache
works
KingEdgar
mean KittenButt
actually  just fell asleep here in the office and was woken by a co worker ...
of sleep two nights in a row is taking its toll
co workers here see no isue in office sleep :) He just said sorry for waking me
are you not sleeping tachikoma
that sucks
sorry :( hope they feel better soon
still room sharing. i would like not to be. heh
  +upholderof HEAL!
Mikaela  :P
hi
:)
my first time using this chat room
just googled feminism chat
  +alyx_  welcome
  +renee21  thanks
you a regular?
eat fibre one
  +renee21  lol
:)
kind of stuff do you talk about here?
must leave soon
started out in #videogames because i was bored but then they started throwing around the c word so i split without saying anything
no issues here with the normal one
just got the email notification, will look into it, thanks
welcome
feminism, anti-imperialism, that sort of thing
been getting into feminism more lately but i don't really have anyone to talk about it with
we talked about income inequality yesterday. and how bad it sucks being poor
see
  +bekabug  goddammit.
shit
don't even know what to say to that. shameful.
horrible
the same everywhere where the amerikkkan military goes
  +renee21  yeah
seems to always happen
with soldiers and war and stuff
a common problem with all soldiers...not just the US military.
should line them up and shoot them in the head.
guess if you train them to kill people they think whats the big deal with rape
dehumanization by occupiers
dehumanization and the patriarchy and all that get blended togehter
  +renee21  yes
need to be dehumanized to a certain level in order to be able to kill other human beings without too much of remorse ... so that is a big part of becoming a soldier - becoming dehumanized :(
that awful muse song
  +renee21  lol
forget the immunities. stuff like that pretty much happens everywhere UN troops roll in. along with drug trade, either import or export
of these effects happen to the city that hosts the superbowl too
wherever we go, we ruin it with disgusting behavior
you think people with horrible tendencies are attracted to the military a bit
who do it out of family tradition, those who just need a job and those who want the legal means for killing"
violent video games are good in that sense
they give psychos an alternative outlet
avoid "psychos"
  +GorillaWarfare :/
  +renee21  whoops
good description of the military
mandatory draft, yes
you think some people are naturally drawn to that, i mean killing and abusing, or is it just due to society
of course
the mandatory draft you can add indentured labor into the list!
you can add "those who havent been smart enough to manage to get mustered out"
"yes of course"  was an answer to gkrse, just clarifying
is misindentifying the problem. it isn't rare for people to act like that in this society. it's commonplace. it's almost normal. they are acting out the logic of patriarchy/capitalism perfectly, it's not just some sort of strange, freakish, thing that just sort of happened due to chance
don't think anyone is born with the preference to go blow someone else up
this society can give that preference to people
drawn to it renee21
just don't know who would want to seek legal means to kill people just for the sake of it...
don't get it either
been thinking about if any of these things are natural or not
have been mass/serial murderers in all historically documented societies
don't really talk to anyone who's a cop or a military
do you think about like kink shaming and bdsm? do you think people with rape fantasies are like that because of society or can it be okay
an assault rifle in your closet or access to, idk, more ways to subdue your victims probably makes acting upon it easier these days
who's a cop or in the military for an imperialist country is not welcome in this channel
uni I used to chill with the bdsm kids and they were feminists by and large
dilbert author?
always get scott adams and adam scott mixed up
with bdsm it is something that the participating parties agree on and have rules to follow, right?
hardly can see that with military activities
is a sacred rule in bdsm
if two professional armies clash
just thought "Douglas Adams" at first
a professional army and people who fight out of not taken kindly to being attacked (militia type troops for instance)
mirroring is merely esthetical tbh
without consent and feminism it's basically just assualt
we think it's just play but is it still influenced by all that and maybe harmful in a way
as soon as one civilian is affected by that armies it's different to bdsm imho
especially have with 2 professional armies a bunch of people who have not only been trained to kill
also prepared to eventually be killed
implied
he never agrred to that
you take on that line of work
wasn't comparing it to the army thing. i just mean like do you think some of the abusive tendencies are natural, like in bdsm maybe
is a capital crime within bdsm
idunno if you're aware
blackwater/xe/whatevertheycallthemselvesnow fighting mercenaries in some irrelevant african country for instance
in bdsm, its actually the sub that decides what happens
have some weird kinks that i remember thinking about when i was really really young, and it seems like its almost too young for it to be socialized
would be the consensual bsdm equivalent of war
there actually was a time when wars wer fought in a way that civilians were completely excluded, where a defined area for the fighting was declared and where not more than 10km away civilians sat in a cafe and drank while cheering their army. That was before the first worls war though ....
mean is play acting abuse in bdsm consensually still like an echo of sexist norms
no "bdsm gene" I don't think or anything like that. There's like a blue eyes gene and a attached earlobes gene
do some people just like that
well i thought it was all up to society, but lately i've been thinking about a fetish i have and without going into too much detail it's completely not mainstream and i never heard anything about it in the mainstream and yet i've still had it for as long as i can remember
tbh, i have no idea, never experienced anything related to bdsm, so maybe I do not have the right knowledge, for me it is just something different if two people agree on hurting each other with some way to stop when one of them wants to stop vs planes bombing a hospital filled with kids - which is a not too uncommon war activity from what i saw the last few wars ...
i feel like using the "echo of sexist norms" when talking about bdsm is overthinking it
it is
is this, people like stuff, people do said stuff, consent is sacred and abuse is not tolerated
that simple
  +Kaiserette really
doesn't disappear though as soon as you're in a scene
well that was my default view
thinking out lout
  +renee21  *loud
do tolerate abuse, though.
is often tolerated in that community though
>.>
like there are terfs in feminism
was thinking more like subconscious. people maybe don't think they're abusing each other but maybe they are
just that whenever bdsm gets discussed here it kinda borders on kink shaming
its kinda frustrating
that's what i mean
don't want to kink shame
just thinking about the divide between kink shaming and legitimately critiquing something
would be telling people to knock off certain sexual behaviour
idk if you're aware but its actually the sub that decides what happens in a scene
can happen if the sub doesn't agree to it and if it does its wrong
  +upholderof yeah
you think there are any kinks that go too far? not just kink shaming but like really are abusive even if it's consensual
i guess?
in the way where some women have internalized misogyny
they don't think it's wrong but the whole system is kind of wrong?
involving heavy blood loss or near death asphyxation maybe
things are a minority in bdsm scenes tho
yes
that sacrifices health for pleasure is going too far
about things like feederism?
dont think that's even connected to BDSM at all
may end up lethal too, but on installments :D
shaming
not oppressed because you like kink, and kink can and should be discussed in feminism
  +upholderof ^
yes, i think kinks can be harmful
you say so
yes i'm going to shame kinks that are harmful
never said they couldn't
that exists can be harmful lol
time a drug dealer got mad at the feminists for saying that he was harmful to the community "drug shaming" lol
say otherwise is being in denial
from addict shaming of course
hooold on a sec Kaiserette, if pleasure shouldnt come with an health impact, can i still get high? :(
my personal opinion
do whatever you want lol
could you still get high?
not like im rigorous about it either <.<
long lasting health impact would be a better way of phrasing it
i was specifically talking about sexual pleasure tho :v
sudden death
death is an health impact, one that ends it <.<
very long lasting though :D
say eternity is a pretty long time
what unmarked graves are for. to be forgotten once the memorial buffet is digested
any is served at all)
someone review
wrong window
you implying we cant review? >(
that was to colleagues at work here, to revie a github pull request ;)
I got to work now
it is a internal repo, so as much as I'd like you to review - it's gonna work for this one ;)
  renee21 hellloo
die grauen maenner junkies werden ....
really need to stop using screen, i simply am unable to handle it
  mxtm  tmux?
two windows, preferably on two virtual desktops, so i know where i am typing ...
nice window manager? xmonad, dwm, etc
maybe conf screen so the active window is clealry visible by being bright red or somehting
Do you use split screen stuff?
yes ...
a screen session on a remote machine i have ssh access to, but i guess i'll just use two screen sessions and connect to them with two local terminal windows to avoid my constant screups
yeah; it doesn't mark the window you're in
  +LambdaSix  hmm
weiss ich, ich hab da kein plan, der ist aber da ziemlich ueberzeugt von. Er sagt aber auch das das wort depressiv und depression viel zu oft voellich falsch verwendet wird

yes
  +OffensiveUser  sauerkraut
bien
back...
:)
  +LambdaSix  hmm
  +OffensiveUser  wait
speak like german tourists do here
yell really loud in my native language
sure there was a way to make it highlight the current window. >_>
I use Byobu
are we talking about now
my stupidity  guess ;)
guess', god i need sleep
talks in foreign
i see
  +LambdaSix  aha
pane-active-border-style
tmux)
i will switch - just need to get it installed on this remote machine i use
think i got disconnected before, did we come to any conclusion on kink shaming
install Byobu and set it to tmux, it's way nicer
i ahve no root access, so will have to build it in my home and run from there, nothing I will do now but somethign for the todo
  +GorillaWarfare tmux++
terminator is terminal multiplexing in very easy mode
for upgrades.
ssd install.
hope this doesn't suck.
super cool tachikoma!
it's official... I have my next circuit board ;)
  +OffensiveUser  noice
from the Weather Underground Organisation
We felt that doing nothing in a period of repressive violence is itself a form of violence. That’s really the part that I think is the hardest for people to understand. If you sit in your house, live your white life and go to your white job, and allow the country that you live in to murder people and to commit genocide, and you sit there and you don’t do anything about it, that’s violence.
  lillian hi
lillian
how are you
to see new folks
sorry
yes i am new, indeed :3
brings you here?
wanted to filter out/balance all the anti-feminist propaganda out of my head with feminist propaganda. tired of people talking about their understanding of the genders, particularly feminism, females. wanting to lurk and hear others' understanding.
  lillian hilarious
mras told me feminists didnt care about women in the middle east >:CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
derailing
god, the spectator? >.>
  +OffensiveUser  memes
memes
should stop reading at "clash-of-civilisations". i really should.
you read the actual books and other publications on the topic?
  +yar  what
books? what topic?
think they're referring to the clash of civilizations book by samuel p huntington yar
not be lol
just a commonly known political theory book
after the cold war its also largely neoliberal political theory
yea
shit
know i read it like 15 years ago
of racist bullshit
assuming you were referring to a right-wing website or a publication or something?
lots of those have that type of name
not get carried away. I mean let's be realistic, it couldn't be "or something"
no it's in the first sentence of the link gkrse posted
  +Kaiserette ahh
  +Kaiserette right
didn't knew that was a conservative paper
i didn't read the article itself at the time since i was a little busy i just skimped over the title :v
papre?
the "clash of civilisation" yar, in pretty much every western country with a largeish muslim minority some conservative politician wrote a book about it
classics like "people from the middle east  are genetically predisposed to be antisocial dipshits" from one of the german guys who wrote a book
they avoid going into genetics bc that'd reveal them as full-on fash
its usually "cultural influence"
german version went full retard, guns blazing
3 years ago
might say they don't think they hate somalis but you can't expect "camel herders" or whatever racist bs to cope in western society
don't use the R-word
stuff like that can be filed under fearmongers trying to make a buck
something something about islam ideology of violence
is no other word for it, you should have seen it :D
ableist slurs, gkrse
they have the same burning hate for secular black or arab people who grew up in the west
retard" is also a reference to a certain movie, where one actor gives another actor a little speech
still ableist
don't know what movie you're talking about and i don't care
there is a other word for it and its racist scum
i often fail to believe that people writing up such stuff actually truely believe it
you should take people at their word?
harm is there in doing so?
they just want to justify taking shit from muslims at gunpoint
trust me, the people writing that stuff believe in it
just see an opportunity to sell a book
manipulate vulnerable individuals into believing it as well
true believers, especially the far right wing ones usually lack the brain to write a book
don't think that's true
i remain sceptical
think we have some pretty intelligent opponents sometimes.
quite dangerous to think of our opponents as dumb
spending time with far left/right wing people
like you're really proud of your own intellect, gkrse
spending some time with the far left atm :)
left eXtremists
amongst rightwingers, the ones in leading positions are very far from being true believers
ive get to known are pretty much just rl trolls
enjoy having a few followers
you think assaulting minorities on the street is "trolling"
you go further down the chain of command
have your pretty dumb true believers
talked to some pretty "intellectual" fascists
honestly don't believe high up far right peeps are rly racist?
i do
  eegor uhh
that sentence entirely
okay eegor :P
the higher ranking ones wouldnt do that
if they aren't who the fuck gives a shit? they're still actively causing harm to people
might not be wearing the boot but they're not one iota less responsible
they did something violent or property destruction, it was usually aimed at political enemies
even
foot soldiers though
are their "political enemies"
think you're understanding of far right movements is pretty limited
  +Kaiserette your*
can't believe i did that
  eegor lol
dumb enough to end up randomly assaulting minorities once in a while
happens to the best of us every now and then
don't think that requires stupidity
assaulting minorities is strategic for them, unfortunately
want to scare people away.
all info was obtained in the central west german neonazi scene. maybe its different elsewhere
different in most places from what you described
most famous figure of the far right here, mario machado, truly believes what he says
100% all you care for is political power or such you probably end up in parliamentary right rather than fascist movements
gets more murky when fascists are the parliamentary right ofc
Your equation of intellectual ability with ethical morality is pretty gross and ablist. Please stop.
dont need a criminal lawyer, we need a _CRIMINAL_ lawyer, mr. white!"
just repeating first hand experience in a rational manner
  +locas  omg
  +locas  RATIONAL
stem
if you're going to be one of those people who thinks they can get around being a decent human being because they are 'rational' you can GTFO, right now.
i told you yet that i have legit aspergers and maybe cant even help it?
did the possibility occour to you before getting all rude?
I'm autistic. I have the papers to prove it. Don't fucking lecture me about what it's like to be autistic.
a decent human being or GTFO
it decent to tell people to fuck off?
honestly have trouble telling, please elaborate
it is
policing
woo wee woo
darn, how will I ever make bail?!
you're at it, stop using middle eastern women as accessories to your intellectual posturing
this
sure lots of people with aspergers are in here, not throwing bullshit, or using the R word for that matter. nice try.
Yes... R-word. I missed that
  UPHOLDEROF  le
UPHOLDEROF
  UPHOLDEROF  yoooooooooooooooooo
up ##fem
gone, siggoth gone, dogs gone
the most triggering ad keeps playing on youtube and it’s unskippable
just wanted to watch dumb music videos ;_;
  +pandorastar  hi
can't you just get an adblocker or something?
use adblock edge and never see youtube ads
didn’t know those worked on youtube!
least I think that's why I don't get youtube ads, I'm not entirely sure :P
I can watch videos without panicking n_n
ads are the fuckin worst
also possible that ads are per video, and the videos I watch just don't have ads?
don't know how youtube works v_v
have no idea how they work but it says it blocks youtube ads so hopefully it’ll work
  +locas  nice
see when I load the next one :P
swear they target people to do just that honestly
Not Cool.
advertise an R-rated movie on youtube???? idek
THINK IT WORKED
YOU LOCAS
burr
  UPHOLDEROF  adblooock
works on blip too, if you're as big of a tgwtg fan as I am
don’t know what that is upholderof but I’m glad it works for you <3
nerds yelling
  UPHOLDEROF  mostly
  +Keilana  hah
dude rants about pop music, one dude rants about disney theme parks, there's some arty film ranters, one guy who buys the shit off informercials and rants at them, and my favourite just left she analyzed "girly" movies
of course the establishment would handle Fifty Shades in a really problematic, and misogynistic way
assinine
read the abstract but I don't think the article says anything of any real /interest/
since the survey did not differentiate between pre- and post-consumption experiences
could you fuck that up?! That would have been at the /top/ of my list when designing the survey)
  +Euryale  also...
to know that having five or more sexual partners as a woman is considered uncritically unhealthy :1
worry Euryale
think trans women are unhealthy for having even ONE sexual partner, if that partner is amab
right!
right! one or more anal sex partners!
the fuck?!
here I thought I was unhealthy 'cuz I was a slut
have I got them beat >:3
CrazyEttin hi KittenButt
  CrazyEttin  hi
  +yar  sup
yar
friend is coding an app/website for finding unisex public toilets
he couldn’t find one??
are loads
your friend to check google
  +Keilana  orly?
  +alyx_  yes
shall tell him so he finds something else helpful to do :)
hear about a new one every 3 months or so
sick of hearing about them, lol
to know :)
if there are that many :P
would be too
  +epi  lol
i be surprised that mras are celebrating that pilot guy that crashed the germanwings plane?
  UPHOLDEROF  wow
“disgusted”
read somewhere that some consider him to be like the elliot kid or something
can we declare the MRM to officially be a terrorist group?
  +epi  fucken
how the media's saying mental health was a factor
doesn't make you crash a plane full of people
sure any mental health issue does
you see
they can't come up with a motive its mental health
because it’s less harmful to add to the stigma of millions of mentally ill people than to say one white dude’s a terrorist
  +Keilana  >.>
  +Kaiserette nononono
  UPHOLDEROF  ^
white people do it its not terrorism
  +Kaiserette duh
is this happening these fash celebrating this?
warning: really don't read this trite if you're feeling down
like this blogger
loves futrelle
the mras
also wrote a couple other articles of mras celebrating that guy but i wont be linking more of them
its toxic shit
  UPHOLDEROF  wow
  UPHOLDEROF  WOW
know right
  UPHOLDEROF  wow
that's terrorism
they are going to continue mass murder unless "there is a more equitable distribution of blowjobs"
  UPHOLDEROF  wow
are one specific type of mra that idolizes peeps like elliot rogers
  UPHOLDEROF  yeah
ARE ALL THE MODERATE MRAS STANDING UP AGAINST TERRORISM?!
  +Kaiserette heh
  +Keilana  truu
are you the UPHOLDEROF
I think
  mxtm  nice
reddit is upholderofthoughts
I can't even remember who it was, airship or someone in here, renamed me upholderofbootz
u hold my boots up
laces are too loose
  +Keilana  :(
I got this
boot straps must come in handy
is a boot strap anyway?
uh
a lot of boots there is a loop
the front or back
  UPHOLDEROF  ohhhh
on boots that don't have laces
was thinking like a rachet strap that you use to hook like, a boat to a trailer
  +epi  ah
sorta funny tbh
is literally not possible to pull yourself up by your bootstraps
is the point of the phrase
that … yeah :P
lol
from like … a nonsense story or something.
but
bootstraps
term appears to have originated in the early 19th century United States (particularly in the phrase "pull oneself over a fence by one's bootstraps"), to mean an absurdly impossible action, an adynaton.[1][2][3]
capitalism
freedom
  UPHOLDEROF  TiL
i have a serious issue
transgender mtf for like awhile now on hrt
i used to be rank 1 in league of legends
now i suck at the game im like mid diamond
i dont even care about league aynmore
my wife left me for a man
im not into men and i just want a girl and all these men litterally fucking stalk me
ive been pretending to be a guy again to make them go away
i fucking like hate the entire world right now
isnt anyone here >:(
here
feel like such an idiot right now
all good
was a professional league of legends player 4 years ago
new?
shi
then started hrt in 2012 may
got pretty good at guitar hero in those days
lost interest in league of legends met my wife she liked me as a boy we married anyway i never got off hrt then she convinced me to so i did for a bit then got back on then she left me for another player in league who is now chlalenger tier and im stuck in diamond
hes a guy and im a girl and i dontknow what to do
feel like getting off hrt
trying to be a man again
i have boobs
i look like a girl
all these people are pressuring me to go back to being a guy
my family
she took the money that we did have and im fucked
fucked
you meet your wife while you weren't playing league but she left you for a league player?
was still featured on tsm
i was still really high elo
I see
really sucks :(
come
honestly like
  ScYx17  why
life suck so much when u transition and everyone
ocnservaitve
losing a partner like that is no good
  ScYx17  everyone
lost so much
can check my twitch tv
been banned lost my sub button
a large portion of my following not featured on tsm witch hunted by a lot of people called "the weird tranny" for years
now marginalized
feel like in order to win i have to do things 10x better than the fucking men doing it
I see that
is this the case
feel i should give up completely
go back to being a man
if i dont i fear ill end up homeless soon
know i can beat these dudes
can beat these dudes
2k15
  ScYx17  fuckit
going to just lay on train tracks
is optimal
you gotta think like rocky
duude didnt work duude im doomed
what I do anyway
music, death of a mentor, the works
fucking hate men
  ScYx17  littterally
women
all people
things
them all to the ground
im vanessa
  ScYx17  hi
  ScYx17  vanessa
just calls me nessa though
do I convince my boyfriend to start going through hormone treatment if he identifies as a woman? He seems awfully bashful whenever we talk about it and I think he is more embarrassed by  it than anything.
you going to leave him
a man
fuuuuuu
was shy at first too
  +epi  !femops
would I leave him for another man? That would seem kind of counter-productive...
wife left me for a man
i transitioned
been on 200 mg spiro 6 mg estradiol for a year
would be really mad if he found out i was on the internet though
much
  trans_nessa yeah
not interested in men men are boring
mean, this isn't the first "man" I've tried to help come out of their shell, but I am trying to convince him to just do it because he's holding himself from a lot of thigns and its stressing him out a lot.
cant believe my wife left me for a man whhy
was the one who first suggested i take hormones
to make our relationship "less gay"
words
him wow
do you folks know eachother?
controling your life
booey baba booey etc?
what?
wait what
at work
trans_nessa, and CriticalTheory do you all know eachother?
just want a girlfriend who plays league of legends fuck
my wife to come home
dont know anyone here
don't know any of you people
ok
dont really have any friends
in the house all day
litterally me
want to die
just not live
do i cease to exist
wife left me for a man dude how come i cant find any faithful women that are ok with me being a girl
  ScYx17  wow
  ScYx17  wOw
  ScYx17  WoW
recent was this?
never told me she was cheating on me
kept denying it then she left the house and went back to her mothers in august
wasnt until months alter that i was sure she was and i confirmed from her friends
how did you find this place? what brought you here?
she had been with a friend of mine
I see
pretty recent all things considered
occasionally lurk around on freenode and I thought my problem was kind of relevant to this channel, so i figured id ask
yar
is fucking useless dude
it seems odd that your partner would identify as a woman yet you use male pronouns.
about you, trans_nessa? what brings you here?
trouble with your partner isn't a good excuse to misgender them 2k15
i was just searching for feminism chat rooms on google
the link and here i am
Sorry, my mind goes faster than I can type. Typo.
i see. Oh shit a bird just cranked the window
going to end so badly
always ends so badly
need a psych ward
losing my shit
ScYx17 you're in US?
why is your username "codpiece"...
You have expressed that your partner is a woman. Respect her gender here or GTFO.
it was a mistake Euryale chill :/
my old username from back in my days of being a wild child
  ScYx17  yes
live in the us
been online in a long time so it was the first thing to come to mind
No, it's not a fucking mistake. You did it deliberately.
And do NOT FUCKING TELL a person who is marginalized relative to you to 'chill' when they point out your fucking bullshit.
what
much?
dont fucking care dude
lost everything
those who don't know IRC well, +m means that the channel is now in moderated mode. If you don't have +v, only operators can hear you talk.
bird is still looking rough outside
no upholderof
they just get the wind knocked out of them, but this bird fell over onto its side now rip in peace
  +GorillaWarfare D:
  +Keilana  :(
oh no!
love birds ;-;
Euryale :3
OlaHughson!
too this lil bird was cute and now it's circling the drain
  +OlaHughson ^^
maybe they can still recover?
consider getting UV reflective decals for your windows!
I just don't wash 'em
can see dirty windows just fine ;)
like a king fu movie when the dude is lying there with some blood coming out of his mouth
avoid killing two birds with one stone
answer the question that popped up in the bot's log: Feminists are critical of gay male culture--particularly gay white male culture--due to the fact that gay men are /still men/ and still exhibit massive male privilege.
male space tends to be rather anti-woman in many ways and just because you're oppressed due to your sexuality doesn't mean you don't turn around and oppress peolpe because of their gender
the uncritical tolerance of drag culture, just saying.
amelia_
yar
up?
much, you?
Carlexi sup amelia_
  +Carlexi  heyya
MAKES WHAT MAKES LOVE THE EXCEPTION?
see what you did there
you like outkast?
that one song is literally the only one I know
a lot of good stuff, pretty much every album
the feminist scene like in your area?
strong I assume
only moved here three weeks ago, but Melbourne is the best city for everything progressive in the country
rad that you're in the progressive city. I don't know my Australia at all. This sounds good, but blue eyed covers of hip hop on average make me pretty uncomfortable
i'm sorry =(
didn't think about that
used to do musicology and back in the earliest days of rock and roll white artists would make boring-er versions of whatever song was a hit on the Race Music charts, and they'd compete with the original songwriters.
get copyright issues for it?
just admited to it
was all legal iirc
i see
member of the Chords got 1/20th of a penny for each record sold by Crew Cuts
added an extra sh-boom"
quite opportunistic to say the least.
  +GorillaWarfare #originality
  +UPHOLDEROF lol
like how they took out the sexy low voice from the original
added comedy timpani sound effects and super corny shit
of course no orgasm-sounding sax solo
little white girls listening to Race Music is pretty much the worst thing these conservatives could imagine back then
was watching a show that used Careless Whispers as sexy music and I about fell out of my chair laughing
god hahaha
what I think of when you say “orgasm-sounding sax solo”, upholderof  :P
  +UPHOLDEROF hahaha
bby)
saxophone buddy gets asked to play this so often
when I was in marching band the saxophones would bust out into this occasionally to piss the rest of us off
was hilarious.
  +UPHOLDEROF haha
the equivalent of afternoon delight for choirsters
  +Keilana  lol
the tubas doing that oom-pah thing
was a drummer and every year our entry in this contest thing was us yelling things and hitting things, whereas every other section did something super fun and creative)
yes geraldbrent
  +Keilana  uh

  +Keilana  v_v
ohmygosh
that video my wife is crying
really like george michael tho
this dude can barely play the lick
saw someone doing that on a corner in north carolina
I lost my shit
was looking at me
why is that funny
couldn't stop laughing though
  +UPHOLDEROF hahahahahaha
wait in the classroom he bebops the shit out of it
makes me lirl every time
like when they bug the cops
love watching people mess with cops
that's right!
  meowthhh  meow
  +amelia_  mrao
ya doin meowthhh
too badddddd
dad got a gopro tonight and i was fucking with it earlier
so fun haha
gopro
a HD camera u can attach to things
fact, the voice actress who did the voice of meowth was an intersex trans woman :>
she died :1
now I'm sad :1
  +meowthhh awh
was my fav
slapped you so hard your wallet fell out
  +Euryale  YES!
loved using meowth to steal money
pokemon
had gold and red back in the day, i always had a persian in my crew
mofos up
  upholderof  yeah
version was cool because you could put whoever you wanted in your party because if shit went bad your Kadabra could kill everything one shto
  +pandorastar  hi
pandorastar
upholderof just checking if anyone is here.
  +pandorastar  quiet...
it's kinda quiet but folks are around
and that joke would have been /funnier/ if it was more /timely/
bitches
  +DrYucatan  !femops
thanks, hon
  ceeceecee hey
feminists
  +LambdaSix  yo
team
it going
yar
  +Keilana  morning
  jessica-mtf hi
anyone have a nice breakfast?
all
is this "breakfast" of which you speak?
that meal you forget in the morning :P
  upholderof  lol
in love with the oatmeal
often too lazy to make oatmeal and i usually regret it
like the instant stuff where you just boil water and dump it in
my buddies like that red-river sludgy stuff where you add your own berries and yogurt and whatever
use quick oats and add lots of things to that. it's a whole production.
I wish I had time and spoons for oatmeal
use instant packets, put it in a cup and add hot water. :3
  upholderof  yeah
originally thought Keilana was talking about literal metal utensil spoons then I got it
  +Keilana  haha
have plenty of literal spoons just not enough figurative ones
panthers breakfast programme
panthers breakfast programme"? idgi
black panthers had this program to make sure all the kids got breakfast
want to make a program to give all the feminists breakfast idk
  iocis_  why?
the patriarchy better on a full stomach
  iocis_  :)
boyfriend wants to make tikka masala tonight, and insisted on buying the ingredients since I've bought them for the last few cooking adventures
he doesn't cook, so I'm looking forward to seeing what he comes back with
he incapable of checking up recipies online?
mean I gave him a list of ingredients, but some of things are in odd quantities, or a little hard to find at the store
could be hilarious
he cooking tonight or are you cooking together?
  +GorillaWarfare Together
that’s fun :3
now I want Indian food…..and I live so close to Devon Avenue....hmm
  +GorillaWarfare mmm..
can’t wait for this stupid test to be over so I can learn how to cook new things~
  +GorillaWarfare :)
weeks 6 days
got this
pretty sure a random telemarketer just called the duty phone
just about jumped out of my skin and then there’s a dude yelling at us about phone bills
Another duty phone user? tsk tsk :P
and die by the duty phone :P
have 2 cell phones and a duty phone
breakdancingcat
  +breakdancingcat  hiya
much
going to eat chicken wings and salad
wings
going honey garlic
that still buffalo or do you need the spicy sauce for that?
pepper sauce+butter=buffalo sauce
hot sauce isn't buffalo
  upholderof  yeah
buffalo
salad
used to live a quick drive from buffalo but I never went :(
  +locas  hm
oops
  mensrightsactivi  Hi
okay?
o.o
you an MRA
:)
got a lot in common with feminists
  mensrightsactivi  imho
not
both dislike injustice
just coming at it from a different angle
  +kirjatoukka  no
  mensrightsactivi  :)
MRA’s opinion of the cause of injustice is generally “feminism”, no, we don’t have anything in common.
side can exist without the other
there would be an inbalance
already is an inbalance
what we’re trying to solve.
exactly
are so many less mens groups
somethinghad to change
  mensrightsactivi  eventually
there’s no need for them? >.>
who you ask
you maybe not
me there is
well that’s proved me wrong
do you believe there is no need for them?
told you there isnt?
men are observably the dominant group within society?
the boardroom yes
you feminism to help you there
everywhere else
other areas men are disadvantaged
homeless people are men
wont help them
are many areas
“men’s rights” won’t help them if it carries on blaming every problem on feminism.
need a men rights group to help homeless people? And then you only will help male homeless people? Great plan, really ...
domestic violence, 43% of the time mens are victims, yet 43% of refuge shelters are not for males
set up a refuge shelter then.
are already womens refuge centres for the homeless
rights activists are too busy whining about feminism on the internet to address any of these problems.
have to start somewhere
  +kirjatoukka  lol
mostly tit for tat from my experience
  +kirjatoukka  lol
  mensrightsactivi  lol
new groups are opressed to start with
these refugee centers exist for a reason. And that reason are men ... Try to think a bit further ....
groups are no different
groups are not “oppressed”
of victims of domestic violence are men
homeless people are men, but men's rights activists only use that as a talking point
trends continue that will only get higher
aint shit
guys need more help
help them
of blaming feminism
defending the toxic trolls who claim to be “mens rights activists”
it wasnt for feminism i wouldnt be an mra
must admit
yeah, it's not about helping a homeless person, no matter which gender, it's just about trying to convince somebody that MRAs are reuiqred.
why?
was one video specifically that did it
because they are not required for you does not makr that the case for everyone
if it would be about helping homeless men - there would be men only shelter - which there aren't ...
there needs to be some
are – to protect women
already have many for women
men need protecting too
do it
so you only do this because you need to prove a point - not because men need any activism for their right? Well - ther you go....
do something about it
  mensrightsactivi  wrong
of harassing women on the internet
rights ‘activists’ don’t care about helping men, only making feminism look bad.
stupid fucker
me 43% OF gender groups should be male
absurd, just really absurd to listen to this ...
dear
not to be abusive
- 'reading to this'  i guess
thats possible
  +kirjatoukka  lol
  +kirjatoukka  gtfo
  mensrightsactivi  lol
need to accept people have a different opinion
not big deal
we don’t.
all the opinions you like, you’re still wrong.
you
for tat"
both dislike injustice” >_>
took long
like a bunch of whoopie cushions cried out and were suddenly silenced
sorry I was playin guitar :P
guitar!
even worth arguing tbh breakdancingcat
but at least we could have banned him with that link xD
i feel that was a troll who tried a little bit more than usual. What does he expect to achieve by coming here and talking about mens rights ...
see
wasnt sure if he was actually trying to get some info, but he was quick to disagree and impose his views
im very glad he was kicked
can't listen anyway
  +locas  lol
was just telling my mom about that
how it might fuck up a lot of studies
ruining everything as usual >.>
we have to be good at something ;)
  +Kaiserette bahahahahaha
  +Kaiserette omg
men have this like, reversed midas touch
  +tachikoma  lol
  +KittenButt haha
  +kirjatoukka  heh
everyone
  +amelia_  'lo
heh
time here....what's everyone up to?
same thing we do every night, Pinky... try to take over the world!
why did you PM me?
just wanted to say hi see how you were doing today
can do that in the channel
alright well how's it going?
  ReginaLaqueus Boring
might sneak out early for lunch
do you work?
are you asking personal questions?
start out PMing someone in a feminist channel for no reason, now asking my workplace? That's creep
  ReginaLaqueus y
  +KittenButt Indeed...
sorry I was just trying to get to know some new people
didn't really know any other way of going about it, no one seemed to be talking in here
well be respectful about it
apologize for being disrespectful, I was just trying to get to know you personally, and the only way I know how to do that, is by asking personal questions
often don’t like personal questions from strangers. >.>
we're on IRC, I don't know you
here for community, not to give out personal information
was just trying to make conversation that's all
I get a LOT of creepy messages so even though you didn't send a dick pic you're lumped in with those immediately when you send an unsolicited PM
keep that in mind if you want to PM anyone
didn't know of any other way to initiate a conversation
don't know how to initiate conversation in a public conversation channel except to message one person alone?
not the way to do it. Just accept the advice and if you want to stick around and meet new people, go ahead. But observe the channel to know how it works in here
slow right now, sure, but it's not always
hundreds of other channels anyways
if I want to meet new people I should just join another channel?
channel is active when it’s active.
can hang out here and wait for people to be active, or join active channels
a link or start a discussion or something.
we can make it active can't we? I mean we're all here to chat it's a chat room
everyone is here to chat at the same time
I have no doubt about that, but out of 100 people I'm sure some would like to talk
sure
don't PM
  +kirjatoukka  ^
we discuss how me sending a message that said "Hi my name is Jake how are you"? Is the same as sending a dick pic and why I would be lumped into that same group?
we not?
  +locas  no.
  +locas  yeah
not gonna.
been asked not to do it.
the shovel
  +locas  ^
to discuss?
digging in
someone doesn’t want you to PM, don’t do it. It is that simple.
agree completely, but how exactly do I know that?
you’ve just been told.
one wants you to pm them
noone
how you know.
EXACTLY how you know*.
at some point you do have a reason to PM someone, you can ask first.
you wanna pm someone ask them first on a public space
I agree now I know
because PMs come from guys all the time, and they can start with "hi" and end with "dick pic"
you probably don’t.)
schrodinger's dick pic
how would I have known before exactly?
assume no-one wants a PM unless explicitly stated..
that a pretty big assumption from "Hi how are you"?
no, it's not
that I assume you will, but I assume you can.
being a woman on IRC and see what happens. >_>
  ReginaLaqueus Yup
get creepy messages ALL THE TIME like I said
yes I agree that I can absolutely I can but anyone can
only rarely get creepy messages
some people are just trying to be nice but they're the minority
usually they are in spanish
if you didn’t know before that it wasn’t OK, it seems like a pretty hit and miss way to start a conversation.
only people that speak spanish get that my name is feminine :|
but that's why most people don't just PM
Hola! ;)
  +Kaiserette lol
I came into the room and no one was talking, so how do I go about talking to someone if I don't reach out and let them know I would like to talk?
don't suspect that ANYONE can, just that anyone, especially anyone male, that PMs me is likely trying to hit on me
THE CHANNEL
give them a reason to talk. IN the channel.
don't know who's active, don't PM random people
now I'm going anyways because I need food
the topic of that rat study and similar
actually I was just talking to a coworker about that.
one who sent me the link.)
her parrot hates men.
parrots tend to prefer women, and female parrots tend to prefer men, except they can’t always tell which is which.)
the animal shelter, we've had a number of dogs that we can't adopt out to homes with men
I don't think that's born, I think it's due to bad experiences :/
  +Kaiserette :(
so if they can't tell
not like they can smell hormones or shit
like social queues/outlines or something?
think? like i think she said something about them recognising voices or something as well.
  +locas  hm
  +locas  well
mom is like hella butch with no hair
a butch trans woman
my partner is a high pitched voice dude
  +locas  so
got those birds stumped
I hope my mom doesn't adopt a bird :|
are a Commitment
I mean I would prefer my mom had no pets at all for that reason
would prefer my mom had no kids at all for that reason v_v
hey. hai. It's Monday, yeah?
don't do that anymore
we get mad
honor of diribile thinking it was making mondays boring, MM is on hiatus
  +duckasaurus  sadface
was my bastion of comfort in an otherwise mansplained-to world.
well.
you clap
times
click your heels according to pi
any day you really need it
will return to you
vote that Mondays are 'zero tolerance from male bullshit' days
only mondays :p
  +kirjatoukka  true
be careful
love those days \o/
tolerance remember!
all kirjatoukkas.
  +locas  lol
much for that "white purity" lol
except that the racists will use that to justify why they're different from black people
as in, different species
a big part of their rhetoric lol
Mondays could be like 'I don't like your face, STFU' days
dunno
we moderated today?
  +Euryale  nope
  bekabug woo!
the way, you can check to see if the channel is moderated by typing /mode
will show the channel modes
is the one that indicates moderation
you
  +amelia_  Stuff(TM)
I know the feeling. I feel like I'm in this perpetual state of 'this is temporary, I'm not done tinkering with it' with regards to my OS
tinkering. yes. on my blog i totally broke the responsiveness but i like how it looks on the desktop so i've mostly lost interest in fixing it
heh
my Desktop I have something called iTunes...it plays music."  :|
ready to go hjeeeeeeeeeemme
  +Euryale  hjeeeeeeeeeemme?
Danish/Bokmål for home
it's like "hoooooooooooome" :P
yeah
always ready to go home :3 especially when i have a long day of lectures and labs
Do you know danish or norwegian?
get by
why do you know them?
:)
  +LadyCailin hello
err, finally consider myself a feminist after watching "She's Beautiful When She's Angry"; great film by the way.
  +LadyCailin Nice
nice keyboard!
I mostly play heavy metal on it.
cool
thanks.
look modulus is here too
zetkin
^ I feel like you in particular will appreciate that
  bekabug *like*
LadyCailin
  +Keilana  yessss
  +LadyCailin lol
will get one of those when I start doing OB
will make many puns :P
awesome
  +LadyCailin ReginaPlatypus
  ReginaLaqueus Heh
sure my husband would appreciate me taking on Platypus as a last name :P
  +LadyCailin lol
Look at all the people!
anyone here?
guess not.
Anyone?
  FluffySeaBlanket  !femops
i'm back!
you all miss me terribly
you all distraught in my absence
back :)
  +kirjatoukka  morning.
:)
Tuesday night!
abi
tuesday morning :) greetings to the other side of the globe ;)
  void|afk  :D
future is beautiful! You're in for a treat!
how did you know? I just fetched mail an my package from china finally arrived : \o/
big colorful LEDs
Exciting!
I gave all the ones i had to the kindergarten, so i needed to restock :)
made my own iced coffee
neat
always do that by simply forgetting a cup somewhere and finding it an hour later ;)
right i have coffee in the fridge from last night >.>
brew it cold
coffee is the only sort i like, it's delicious
coffee? maddness, unless its a frappacinno <3
it's actually quite good
always read about cold brewing but never actually tried or tasted cold brewing
some
is starbucks?
I will eventually
less bitter
thats what i was told
  SeaBlanket  Hello?
don’t know how to answer that question.
  +LadyCailin lol
THIS IS DOG
umm cold coffee is good
one appropriate response
THIS IS PATRICK
  +LadyCailin lol
they left before I could reply anyway. (I have join/part messages hidden >.>)
I can't see chat and no one seems to be able to respond to me. Can you give me a voice?
channel is just quiet right now
Look at that! Cool
no moderation atm, but it's just real quiet :P
it always this quiet? For having over a hundred people it really shouldn't be so ghost-town-ish
not always this quiet
SO may I ask, are any of you "tumblr feminists"?
that I'd have a problem with SJW's and such... In fact they seem like the kind of people I could talk to for hours, which is why I'm here
of us use tumblr
  SeaBlanket  Epic
of us are probably using tumblr right now instead of reading irc
is a pretty regular site tbh...
but it seems to be the place where radfems hang out to discuss stuff... people mock tumblrinas but secretly, I'm on board
kill for a begel with cream cheese and chives
probably just walk to the bagel shop really >.>
I can't drive and nothing is within walking distance, so...
there's already a bagelfiend.tumblr.com :(
  +amelia_  *Darnit
When you do find a name, :o do link
suggestions welcome xD
  laluna90  hi
  +GorillaWarfare Hello
timer here
:)
:) how are you?
pretty well, and you?
good thanks for asking, I'm from Ireland
my friend is doing study abroad there
Please don't PM people in this channel without asking
I'm a student at the moment myself
about that
hell yes, everyone with a vagina should know this stuff so pelvics will be more comfortable and less traumatizing (you can have a pelvic sitting up! you should have a speculum sized before anyone crams anything in you! you don’t always have to have a pelvic exam!)
over
  +Keilana  sorry
  +Keilana  :/
a decade of watching 'visibility' politics and it always boils down to transmasculine people and cis 'allies' talking over us :1
  +zetkin yeah
we need is a more militant alternative
Day of Shut The Fuck Up, Cis People"
  +Euryale  IDoSTFUCP?
  +Euryale  !!!
about a day dedicated to a very public and very /visible/ protest where we highlight all the /bullshit/ cis- and trans-masculine controlled visibility drives that tokenize trans women?
I used had the guts to start complaining about "cis oppression"
guts?
tried to make the forum a safe space but alas...
course :1
I did notice a lot of the posts came from trans men.. >_>
  SaturnMoriya  nerve
  +Euryale  YES!
frankly, I've had it up to /here/ with trans male control of transgender politic
be told, invisibility tends to be a bigger problem for trans guys :p
always forget guts is also not okay to say, sowwy
okay
for a moment I thought you were saying like 'they had the courage to stand up against cisphobia' or some such crap
whoops no
an allie I talk all over
I'm pretty cool about TDoV but visibility is a tool not an end at all
better than it not being there at all
it raises awareness for just one person, it's succeeded
um...it's a good thing
is a double-edged sword thoguh...
  +Euryale  though
as important to respect the wishes of trans people who /don't/ want to be visible as it is for those that do. I guess?
  +alialliallie Yes.
  SaturnMoriya  true
thing is that we're now 'visible' enough in the popular culture where we're now the target-of-choice for hate groups like gamergate and the MRA crowd and christian fundamentalism
which would be... okay? you have to shake things up in order to really fight oppression and make a real difference
we don't have enough control over our own narrative to /actually do the fighting/
that's not for everyone
that's the other thing: being out as transgender by choice is a huge privilege thing
thing is that we're now 'visible' enough in the popular culture where we're now the target-of-choice for hate groups like gamergate and the MRA crowd and christian fundamentalism
nothing particularly new
always hated us
but there's a difference between hating us and focusing large amounts of energy and political capital on hurting us
I can't say there wasn't a lot of energy and capital thrown into shit like
  +agnosticnixie  idk
people that are going to pass bathroom bills and shit are probably going to do it no matter what visibility we have
the early 90s had a huge spate of massively transphobic movies pretty much one after the other
focusing their energy now as a pushback, the thing is visibility or invisibility won't change anything about it
think it's more to do with "losing the gay battle" nowadays
I sometimes wonder that, are we an easier target than LGB now? :(
:/
all the relative invisibility of trans people, they spent a hell of a lot of energy and capital building hatred
is part of how the community itslf gets strong; without it it would be people who get lucky and the rest under the thumb of cis medical professionals without escape
moment we let go is the moment we return to the bad old days
for a lot of trans people is still now
think it's extremely important to /not/ conflate our ability to project a political voice with mere visibility
is also visibility on our terms not jerry springer's
a teen, I'd never come into contact with trans issues beyond "transvestites are men that wear womens clothing for sexual kicks"
  +alialliallie ^^
things have at least moved on quite a bit :P
not enough, obvs)
enough... I transitioned a decade ago and when I started transition I didn't even know that trans women were a /thing/
had to explain everything from the very start to all my friends
sounds familier.
See... now /that/ is something I would miss, should I have to come out all over again. I actually like coming out to utterly clueless people because at least they /listen to me/ and don't think they know a bunch of stuff that is told to them by other people who don't /actually/ have a clue.
  +agnosticnixie  yeah
would love if cis people understood that they were cis, dammit
they didn't always listen
me neither
I guess there's something to be said for them not knowing anything
those who /did/ listen at least listened to me on my terms
had some privileged "you should just be happy the way you are" thrown at me
wouldn't have been an option before the visibility boost
would have been entirely cis society's terms
get the 'you were perfect just how you were' and 'cant you be happy knowing what you are on the inside?
mean... there's a big difference between saying "Yeah, Rocky Horror is a hateful caricature" when everyone can /clearly see/ that it's not meant to accurately represent us. Try doing the same thing with 'Transparent'
mean... I'm not arguing that we shouldn't be trying to boost visibility of our community. I'm arguing that we need to be more radical and militant and to insist that /trans women/ are those who are responsible for representing our community and not cis people or just trans men.
sayin
Ventura
defended what's almost a rape scene as funny
wasn't isolated
people just dont get what's wrong with having a cisdude playing a tgirl in some work of fiction
chalk it up to cissy intelligence #cisphobia
just get told to not be offended and walk away because hell no one's gonna listen ever
people odn’t get that Kaiserette
you shitting me
I had a bad day)
look at any discussion about the danish girl movie

Look at any of the media around Dallas Buyers Club
  +Keilana  urrrrrrrgh
going "bros will bro" will not change a thing
is people in media dont give a shit about trans people unless said people in media are trans
hugs ^_^
of course they don't get it :1
is why its important to have well known trans people in mass media, like laverne cox for exemple
  +Kaiserette example*
been dismissed when bringing up the cisperson playing a transperson issue
don't care about other people
That's a starting point. I've seen it framed as "Yeah, but Laverne is visible, so that's the struggle done, yeah?" no. :3
in those arguments i just go "Okay, let's have a dude play Joan of Arc"
I'm spared having to explain the cisdude playing a trans person issue since the only cis people I actually interact with regularly would be too uncomfortable to watch that crap anyway. (transmisogynistic but with a huge blind-spot for yours truly)
or they're radicalized feminists who don't need explaining to
Keilana, I almost forgot about my pet cissexual :p
least they get to say "hey I'm not transphobic I have trans friend right over there"
this case, a trans daughter :1
AND outing someone without their consent
  +Kaiserette Nice.
KILL
argument i got was "well it makes sense if the character isnt transitioned to use a normal person"
i heard that a lot too...i pretty much gave up
explaining it to people
yea me too, i dont know enough to hold my own in a debate anyway
too tired for constructive thought process lol
everyone
  +Kaiserette night
SaturnMoriya
i can debate cuz im pretty aggressive at times, especially with passionate topics that affect me personally...but im just tired at this point :v
a wussy pushover
few more discussions and i'm founding a trans colony somewhere in the sticks
@ pet cissexual, Euryale
have a cis roommate
can i be the head civil engineer?
the more the merrier
am now realizing that outside of a few friends, I do not have all that many cis people in my life
need all kinds of laborers there :3
leads to silly situations
you need infrastructure! clean water, electricity, heat and shelter
  +Kaiserette yes
forget food
conversation "I know I don't have the same perspective" "Yes you're cis" "and that I can't really understand how you feel " "Yes, you're cis" "and etc" "Yes because you're cis"
yesterday
indeed
get that a few times when talking about trans issues in lgb"t" places
least to the point where I consider them a /friend/
current number of cispeople important to my life...about 6
  +agnosticnixie  MODS
is stupid.
low effort
I forget the official op is a bot
love and welcome our robot overlords
still read AUTO-MATRON
too Kaiserette
steampunk
married a cis girl :o
:O :O QUELLE SCANDALE
I transed all over her
she staaaayed
  +Euryale  !!!
keeper~
so alialliallie your wife is (a) super supportive and (b) TOOK YOU TO SEE FOXES
is 10000% a keeper
Canada
I am right now
yeah! how’s canada so far?
have been with one cis person beyond one time affairs and it was after transition
  +alialliallie Pretty
  +alialliallie (Victoria)
I’ve always wanted to go there
figure a cis person would find it sad >.>
with a cis person in a relationship is hard
it generally ends
the cis person is bi (that also happens)
even then it still often breaks down
its breaking down
a few rare couples improve from it
i want to ask about some rhetoric i've seen in both trans communities and in somewhat hostile places
this a good place 4 it?
maybe
i have heard this terminology, the cotton ceiling, wrt to lesbians refusal to sleep with transwomen n such
'cotton ceiling' is 95% anti-transgender propaganda
that not an argument presented in trans/queer activism? i was hanging w/some queer activists over the weekend and they brought it up
haven't heard of the term "cotton ceiling" before
can almost guarantee you that what trans women talk about w/rt sexual politics looks nothing like what cisgender people describe as the 'cotton ceiling'
to say it doesnt exist
wish i didn't google that
so what is the thought of transwomen wrt lesbians who refuse to sleep with them
it a simple case of cissexism or are they justified due to sexual orientation...?
a distinction between personal choice and institutional bigotry
u explain?
trans women arent viable partners for other women in that regard would be saying that our biology makes us less than women.
a difference between a woman who says 'no, I'm not going to have sex with you', which is absolutely personal choice, and a culture that teaches lesbian women that you /should/ refuse to have sex with trans women.
  +Euryale  yes...
and in a lot of ways, 'I wouldn't have sex with a trans woman' is no less problematic than saying 'I wouldn't have sex with a disabled woman' or 'I wouldn't have sex with a black woman'
nobody's trying to force anyone to have sex with trans women. that's 100% propaganda.
where do u draw a line between personal choice and institutional propaganda/bigotry
the same point I draw the line between the individual and the group.
if someone said i only wanted to sex people people born XX and socialized as women from birth is that a bigoted position to hold
  +Euryale  yes
on several levels, actually
  cirvinfox :I
problematic in the exact same way that saying "I only have sex with white women" is racist
i get it
be honest, me and friends of mine here in our country have found that cisguys are more acceptive of us than cislesbians, believe it or not
it's your /choice/ not to have sex with women of color and literally nobody is saying that you ought to be forced to do so but at the same time it speaks very poorly of you, as an individual.
my friends tho <_<
ok i think i got it
So... there's that side of the issue. The OTHER side of the issue is a bit more difficult to unpack.
what's the other side?
for example... a cisgender lesbian might be perfectly okay with the /idea/ of having sex with a trans woman but given the opportunity they decline because the trans women she interacts with /look like trans women/ and our culture teaches people to both devalue us as sexual objects while hypersexualizing us as sexual agents (as predators, actually)
this, of course, is not the individual cis lesbian's fault and /we recognize this/
it /is/ a symptom of transmisogynistic patriarchy
sorry, I accidently /parted
have no idea how that happened
Euryale
i think i understand what u get
  +Euryale  good
a lot of the stuff i've seen in radfem communities is rather dishonest fearmongering
much so
u think ciswomen should have ciswomen only spaces at all?
a lot of it is deliberately distorted or outright fabricated
  +Euryale  no
not
certain issues can't concern transwomen, like abortion, etc
difference between having a safe space for oppressed people and an exclusive space for the privileged.
that's a red herring since I don't exactly see these 'cis women only spaces' existing to talk specifically about reproductive rights
and even if they were, they don't exclude menopausal women or women who are otherwise sterile for whatever reason
yeah, I call bullshit.
are activist groups that r specifically about reproductive rights
rights is more than just what it sounds, its about personal sovrenthy, and trans folk are ABSOLUTELY involved with that
ur write they don't specifically exlude postmenopausal or sterile women
  hattusili_III *you're
  +Euryale  exactly
well u could probably frame nearly everything in terms of personal sovereignty. i mean that's part of why im a socialist
and that would further the point that cis specific spaces shouldnt exist
there r specific spaces for various parts of activism along national, racial, sexual, etc. lines
ppl don’t need activism for being cis ‘cause we’re not oppressed
but those are along the lines of oppressed groups
good points all.
ciswomen r oppressed
the difference there is that between cis women and trans women, the cis women arent the oppressed group. relative to that relationship
cis women are /not/ oppressed by trans women.
women in general r oppressed, and trans women oppressed in more ways, including by cis women
so why should we allow cis women to exclude trans women?
by that logic say, black men shouldn't organize separately n stuff like that
from black women
and they shouldn't?
women don't oppress black men :1
but there are specifc issues that black men face
for them
stereotypes n etc that r specific to black men, policing, etc
don't need a safe space when you /already control/ the more general space
this is feminism 101, tbqh
is the space the black men control in american society
trans women don't really have a meaningful voice in mainstream feminist discourse
tokens
in queer spaces. we're tokens. we do not have our own voice because we are /literally being talked over/
I dunno... they kinda dominate the black civil rights movement. You know... the thing we were talking about.

dunno a lot of this makes sense, just never explicitly heard it put in this way
dunno i've read  a lot of feminism 101 texts/articles and i don't think this stuff is as obvious as it seems
of so-called radical feminists who don't understand what we're talking about now.
of privilege are literally /central/ to feminist philosophy.
more about 'intersectional feminism'
its taken me MONTHS to wrap my head around it
thing to do is take your time, listen, and read
been chewing on this for a decade :>
entire adult life :p
is the most important thing ive found
i dunno
appreciate u folks talking and such
nice to get things from people in conversation, somehow it's more impactful than reading an article
remember: when you read stuff /use your head/. If what you are reading punches down at less-privileged groups or implies as such, beware.
it shakes your world view, pay it mind.
  hattusili_III thx
it comes from the position that trans women are men or that trans women are not 'fully' women or have 'male socialization', look out
gotta love the yarn about trans women being privileged due to 'male socialization'
one thing, there's a big difference between how men are socialized as boys--which is affirmative--and the way that trans women are socialized as girls--which is abusive.
and other children are incredibly abusive toward gender variant children
male socialization did nothing to empower me
channel did more than my childhood
experienced 'corrective' rape in highschool
I came out)
  cirvinfox x.x
and at the end of all this all that 'male socialization' doesn't do shit to prepare a trans woman to /survive as a woman/
  hattusili_III true.
im totally clueless :I
mean... admittedly I'm also disabled so there's some intersectionality going on but after I came out, within the first two years or so I was raped twice and found myself the victim of domestic violence.
didn't understand that, as a woman, people would be out to victimize and prey on me sexually
safer now. much safer.
yeah... I have a personal irk with the argument that male socialization privileges trans women over cis women.
is good to hear u r safer comrade
mean... I guess the best spin you could /possibly/ put on it is that trans women come into womanhood feeling more empowered to be assertive?
do not know any openly trans people but i know some queer folk and they have had a lot of trouble in their lives
I suppose is a good thing... up until the moment that your assertiveness paints you as a sexual predator
am an openly trans woman
sorry i meant like outside of internet contexts
still have the "Internet Isn't Real Life" Thing ingrained even tho i know that's not true
are like faeries. We are suspicious of the 'big folk' who often like to step on us or just step on us by accident.
know that, while I interact with cis people all day, I don't identify myself as trans to cis people who have not demonstrated a commitment to being non-assholes
sense
u in an urban or rural context?
  +Euryale  urban
is safer, generally
am preferring the closet ATM -.-
i would have that the opposite
is it like zombies? there's ust less of them in the rural settings?
  +Euryale  yes
You have to realize that there is a community of men who /specifically/ target trans women for sexual exploitation and they, as a community, tend to congregate in urban settings
that
do u think about the fetishism of trans women, especially the so-called pre-op, by a lot of men
u think it's depictions n stuff leads to the predation, or is it the other way around
hard to say.
will say that the depiction of trans women in mainstream culture, particularly in porn culture and the sex industry, makes them a /lot/ more aggressive
least your average, garden variety rapist cognitively /understands/ that their victims don't /really/ want to have sex with them.
but media, and particularly porn, teach these predators that /we/ are also sex-obsessed all of the time
it's probably not an either/or thing. i have a pet theory that it's a particularly toxic intersection of toxic masculinity, homophobia, trans-misogyny, and misogyny
  +Euryale  probably
I look cisgender enough where transgender street harassment is no longer a regular problem in my life but...
earlier in my transition I would have to skip my stop on the bus because maybe once a month I would be threatened on my commute home from school by someone who wanted to rape me
who was sexually threatening me

  +Euryale  yes?
[+AbigailBuccaneer] [+Kaiserina  ] [+songarchaeology] [ cirvinfox    ] [ lahwran   ] [ profess     ]
[+agnosticnixie   ] [+KatelynQBS ] [+svaksha        ] [ colons       ] [ lb5tr     ] [ pyon        ]
[+Alan            ] [+Keilana    ] [+tachikoma      ] [ cscorley     ] [ LennyKitty] [ q3k         ]
[+alialliallie    ] [+kirjatoukka] [+yar            ] [ DaZ          ] [ Liebknecht] [ rdema       ]
[+alyx_           ] [+KittenGNU  ] [+zetkin         ] [ discopig     ] [ LoRez     ] [ ReginaAway  ]
[+amelia_         ] [+LadyCailin ] [ [0x1f415]      ] [ dlitz        ] [ manots    ] [ speak       ]
[+annika_         ] [+LambdaSix  ] [ aawe           ] [ dv-          ] [ MarkDude  ] [ SQ9WTF      ]
kick pastorDave
[+breakdancingcat ] [+libbies    ] [ ahf            ] [ ebel_        ] [ meeple    ] [ systemd     ]
[+Carlexi         ] [+locas      ] [ aklapcin       ] [ eegor        ] [ modulus_  ] [ TheChips    ]
[+ChunLi          ] [+meltedesco ] [ aklapcin_      ] [ Emi-         ] [ MoeD      ] [ Tjis        ]
hell?
[+duckasaurus     ] [+modulus    ] [ ali            ] [ fiyarburst   ] [ moondoggy ] [ tmro        ]
[+epi             ] [+morganq    ] [ Alicia         ] [ Guerillero   ] [ munch     ] [ udevd       ]
  +libbies  !femops
plz ban
[+Euryale         ] [+OlaHughson ] [ alyx           ] [ hattusili_III] [ mxtm      ] [ void|work   ]
[+geraldbrent     ] [+pandorastar] [ ar             ] [ inf          ] [ nogod     ] [ WalrusPony1 ]
[+GorillaWarfare  ] [+pinkieval  ] [ Argent__       ] [ iocis_       ] [ nuit      ] [ yashi       ]
[+hypatia         ] [+piti       ] [ bajin          ] [ justJanne    ] [ pastorDave] [ Zeuza       ]
  hattusili_III thx
unoriginal git creative
think it's silly too, since it highlight/pages the mods too
not banned
must be off duty
around?
pls
look who it is
why do you bother doing this?
ip
an actual pastor
  pastorDave  lol
fucks
why though?
was i banned before libbies
what do you get out of this?
was i banned before libbies
  Liebknecht  wat
you think flooding will prove your case? and get you unbanned somehow?
not feed the trolls.
that something a rational person believes?
no but it fucks with you all
feel when trolls remain unbanned :^)
really
guess what
dont hide it
not a stalinist sub
to hide
your #frenoderaep in the hopeful near future
kind of flooding is just boring
wide
there
least make up some lame copypasta
kind of flooding isnt nothin
  cirvinfox !femops
  +Kaiserina  2spooky5me
don’t you mean spoopy :P
  +Kaiserina  yes
  +Keilana  n_n
  +Keilana  anyways~
roommate just walked past and yelled “yay bladders”
  void|work hahaha
think she knows I’m studying renal rn
there goes my evening, stupid adorable otters.
heh, sorrynotsorry
  cirvinfox :p
wasted entire evenings watching them romp)
worth it)
love a pet otter.
stoat.
STOATS
LOVE STOATS ALMOST AS MUCH AS OTTERS <3
little blurry furry cuties
face
mustelids!
maintain that mustelidae is the cutest family
I just saved that pic because :3 :3 :3
  void|work :D
are pretty good too :I
in your opinion what is the cutest mustelid
cirvinfox, also alialliallie would agree :P
are the best
yes. this is true.
I want all of them!
we ate at the flying otter tonight not the flying fox
ferrets, because I live with one.
if we had ALL the foxes and ALL the mustelids
THERE’S A PLACE CALLED THE FLYING OTTER?????
  +Keilana  !!!!
did see a woman with a great fox tattoo tho
  cirvinfox :O
  +Keilana  omg
ooh!?
NEED TO GO TO THERE
love beautiful tattoos!
it's a harbor-side grill in Victoria, BC
poutine was good
that’s so exciting
need to go to there
pretty!
used to thin i'd never get a tattoo.. i keep thingking about it lately though
one :D
let's get one together ;p
im going to wait on that one
not one given to impulse
i feel the same after a few months i'll revisit the issue
want a fox, something transy, and toon zelda to match my wife's toon link
what do you envision for the fox?
need tattoos to cover up some of my scars >.>
awesome alialliallie
something on my should I think
awesome. may i PM?
but I'm on my iPad so may be slow
thats cute
Moof
  void|work Moof!
pastor gave up huh
about animals usually does the trick :)
thanks!
  +KittenGNU  Woo
was there a pastor here?
apparently
sorry, everyone!
  +agnosticnixie  lol
da word o' jesus
that's what I said!
are much better ways to make me say jesus
a priest
okay no I think I've said it once in five years and that was now
fucking christ, etc.
say merde when I swear even in english
in english
I learned that fatty acids are transphobic >:(
naturally-derived fatty acids are in the cis conformation
dum tsh)
  +Keilana  (sorry)
  +Keilana  hehe
I understand is that they conform to cis normativity
  +Keilana  bahaha
it looks like they are actually oppressed
THE FATTY ACIDS
FOR ALL THE CELLS
society tells us that trans-fatty acids should be avoided at all costs >:[
Euryale
OlaHughson
anyone heard of the Ellen Pao case?
what is it?
the Internet a better place for everyone – by getting rid of obnoxious ads. Think ads could be better? Then join us! https:/​/​www.change.org/​p/​everyone-on-the-web-make-the-internet-a-better-place-for-everyone-by-getting-rid-of-obnoxious-ads-think-ads-could-be-better-then-join-us-3
is ‘obnoxious ad’ defined? is there such a thing as a non-obnoxious ad? all work and no play makes capitalism something something.
sure that removing ads makes the internet a better place - there are way more important issues than ads imho - which btw can be simply blocked by ad blocking software... but maybe I'm not getting the point
we remove the obnoxious people instead?
they are way harder to block ...
mostly invisible so they don't really bother me, I just block the worst preemptively.
that didn't last long, they've segregated the toilets.
okay yeah I can se- WHAT
  +LambdaSix  -.-
about let's punish the employers and not the models? noo that would make too much sense
can’t do that
to mention why the hell is bmi still a thing that's used
the employers are rich and therefore important
fuck kyriarchy and capitalism
are you, some sort of communist >.>
  SaturnMoriya  totally
use that as a dismissal for any criticism of our current system
  yashi hey
does my name keep being highlighted all the time?
  +kirjatoukka  when?
dunno, every once in a while
there was a troll who highlighted everyone a few hours ago i guess
  yashi shit
i hate it lol
-10pts for being written by a man
10?
call-out culture is a real thing? bad sign.
out /is/ an act in-and-of-itself! It's holding bigots accountable for their bigotry!
?
I mean holding bigots accountable is certainly a good thing.
being called out is the end of the world?
that the term “call-out culture” is … idk.
like “politically correct” or something.
FUCK 'calling in' the whole /point/ of calling people out is to force them to account for bullshit behavior. This whole 'calling in' crap is just a bunch of people who want to be able to get away with assholery without social consequence.
If you notice... both of those things are reactionary terminologies for things that reactionaries find inconvenient ;)
exactly. :P
should perhaps have said “using the term call-out culture non-ironically is a bad sign”. :P
complete, please give it to a teller for deposition in the depository vault
Waaaaait a minute... are you calling him out on that?! :1
  +kirjatoukka  :O
really call anyone out on the internet because there's an 80% chance you're gonna get bullied away by a swarm of weirdos calling you an sjw
"calling-in?"
I get called an SJW I just imagine myself dressed up like I'm going to be in some Wagnerian epic :p
there’s another reactionary term for things reactionaries find inconvenient. :P
  SaturnMoriya  yeah
worst
freaking hostile
When someone does something bullshit, talking to them privately about it. (assuming they have a /pattern/ of being bullshit)

no, if someone says something problematic, calling-out is necessary.
  +Euryale  yes
to people who do problematic things once in a while is only warranted when that person is someone /who you respect/
see that article as "someone is calling me out on bullshit and im uncomfy, so im going to react and say that people actually speaking up for waht they believe in is wrong"
I should search this guy and see what he's getting called out on!
saw something earlier that was like, “makes offensive joke: free speech hero
out offensive joke: crazy tumblrina sjf
shared that article in another channel and everyone in the channel was pretty much agreeing with it. it's so frustrating.
person calling out joke: free speech hero
super transparent "omg an excuse to not watch what I'm saying"
I see what he did
are you're privileged as heck if you call out people calling things out or whatever
coordinating the youth program at the Metropolitan Action Committee for the Prevention of Violence Against women & Children
a man in control of a woman's project
  SaturnMoriya  ahh
all makes sense now
don't care if he /is/ a queer man of color, he needs to step the fuck down
you know you cant call out people on their bull
he co-founded "It Gets Fatter", which apparently is a body-positivity group for people of color
I suppose is pretty cool
mean, free speech is only one way
that's the shithead way
  +Kaiserina  amirite!?!?!?
  +Euryale  right!
dearie, that's exactly what free speech is
you're free to spew bullshit, i'm also free to call you out on said bullshit
have your cake and eat it too
battery ran down
where he whines about Leelah Alcorn being white
who distorts facts, manipulates emotions, and uses buzzwords meant to make others feel bad needs to burn. They really aren't helping the disadvantaged. They're putting them on a pedestal and shaming us while simultaneously making themselves and the groups they "defend" look bad. SJWs are among the most frustrating people."
  SaturnMoriya  I
can't
as a cis man he needs to sit down and SHUT THE FUCK UP about that
not gonna read it sorry
even do I what I can't words
not in a good place to read about trans deaths <_<
neither
is, he's a cisgender, queer man of color and he runs a woman's domestic-violence program and complains about trans women's political activism
think we can pretty much throw this one in the bin :1
call the asshole out :1
have a saying here
one quiet would be a poet"
  +Kaiserina  applies
have a saying that i can't repeat here about people who are angry that trans people sometimes stand up for themselves
oh... I forgot. He's a poet. ;)
oh... do /query it to me. I'm fascinated :>
joking but it probably involves violence
im hungry, brb
oo pm me im curious nao
so the author of my link also wrote that call-outers "need to burn"???
yep sounds about right
shitheads
wait i shouldn't say anything about this publically
would be shaming
pmuch
whole sjw thing really ruins my internet experience
can't go anywhere without oppression apologists shoving their crap in my face
they're doing is using fancy words to make themselves look good" yeah totally that's exactly what's going on here transphobia is such a big word I can't read durr
/rant
you can always use the extension that replaces SJW with skeleton
mr skeltal
calcium and good bones come your way
that distort facts and manipulate emotion? it's those damn SJWs
  +kirjatoukka  heh
that sounds like fun
that being said, could we avoid ableist onomatopoeias like 'durr' in the future? Thanks.
yar ikr
sorry
okay :>
more ableism in general vocabulary than anything else it's really scary
so divisive Euryale
mean PLEASE DON'T SHAME ME
is gonna be the downfall of society
spend way too much of my life tiptoeing around people so they don't think i'm "calling them out"
which "SJW callout" is another word for "you disagreed with me"
"you didn't enthusiastically smile at my bullshit"
if you get called out just /deal with it/
too much” would be any time at all?
I think I've been called out by half the people I'm talking to /right now/
no big deal, except when you /keep perpetrating bullshit/
need to learn that there's nothing wrong with being wrong or not knowing something
  +Euryale  yup
then you can LEARN and you SHOULD want to learn
how you learn to be less shitty towards people, learning is good!
jinx SaturnMoriya
  SaturnMoriya  jinx
pokeymans
of course emotional labor is invisible unless you're privileged in which case having to think about anything is a hardship
all comes down to privilege
  SaturnMoriya  complacency
a straight white cis male I do not feel the oppression therefore it doesn't exist"
I actually agree with that. I think we should definitely give the privileged a cookie as reparations for their increased effort.
give them a cookie
with what? did i say that?
have them reach through a guillotine to get it
are everyone's right
no, that it's harder for privileged people to think. I'm being bitter.
also lacing my cookies with laxatives so maybe then they won't be able to hold on to their bigoted shit
i put cyanide in mine? \o/
voice* fear me men
reading the comments is the golden rule of how to internet
a fan of reddit, Kaiserina? ;)
but internet comments/
top comment "im so privileged that i have songs written about how fucking awful i am for being white, nice"
nah
i go there i like to go "shhhhhhhhhh, we're hunting shitheads"
dare people care about racism
wanna be in a punk band
be so awesome
could write songs about issues and use power of being a musician and all the riches for good
think a more commie the mountain goats would be fun
rocker getting rich? sellout
  SaturnMoriya  lol
did a hell of a good job
sax rohmer the mountain goats
  +epi  aw
mean I'd get rich but I'd immediately be poor again
all the money goes to good causes
i have a guitar and i know 3 chords! :D lets do this!
  SaturnMoriya  wheew~
you become rich with your punk, you're not offending enough privileged peolpe
wait...I'm a pre everything trans female
don't wanna be seen and/or murdered
album opens and closes with songs about racist writers and the singer/songwriter gets upset with people for empathising with the 2nd one and dislikes the author in the first one :v)
  SaturnMoriya  nice
Wasn't there a punk singer not too long ago who transitioned?
jane grace
  +epi  yes
also, g/l with your transition!
you thank you very much
my god, the channel is being overrun!
I'd write songs about trans issues because I can't seem to find those
is for racism, sexism and homophobia but eh
i mean what
  SaturnMoriya  O.O...
you should check out Against Me!
Oh, there's "Walk On The Wild Side"
  +Euryale  >:3
Dysphoria Blues rings a bell?
me's latest album is about trans issues
  +Kaiserina  right
  SaturnMoriya  ooh
that the name Kaiserina?
  +Kaiserina  yes
a few songs from prog rock bands i can't not read as being about not being able to transition
did not check out their latest album yet
themes have been in AM!'s music since the 90s
should rectify that immediately
been a while
ive been avoiding the album myself for emotional reasons
just remember reinventing axel rose
the one before that
likewise... I tend to avoid a lot of very personal trans narrative art because I get emotionally triggered.
lord pls dont remind me of current guns n roses ;_;
though I'm getting better
going on with Guns n Roses?
that's their album name p:
me too, i have litened to some of the tracks, just not the whole thing yet
days they're just axl rose Inc
titular song on the album is awesome, makes me wanna scream the lyrics at the top of my lungs
& friends
back to work for me
and roses is realllllly bad now
if they weren't in the first place :p
chinese democracy album
  +Kaiserina  *shudder*
not cause coworker poofed :<
what exactly are they going to do in their 1M lab?
god...
know right
pee-ple too
an april fools isnt it
love it
  +epi  yes
I was thinking a lab just staffed by trans people to do, like, epidemiology and trans-specific health stuff
of transsexuality? :1
enough of that coming from cis dudes :1
  +agnosticnixie  Well
need to figure out how to spread it
know
more like health issues affecting trans people Euryale
our needs aren't all the same as cis people
interpreted it as stuff like breast cancer amongst transwomen or stuff like that
no Euryale epidemiology of different diseases among trans people
tough from them, I get the feeling they would rather be studying transgender eschatology...
are trans women more likely to get lupus after starting HRT
like that that actually, y’know, helps trans ppl not get sick
needs to fucking study breast cancer in trans women already :1
the answer to that is no)
lupus :p
Kaiserina?
recent studies have been showing there's really no serious longterm risk on longterm hrt :v
increase or decrease the odds of somethings but not enough to consider a risk
I meant for people who have genetic predisposition - there’s some evidence that trans women with genetic predisposition can develop lupus after starting hrt
yeah, I’ve seen the no longterm risk thing (which seems kinda self-evident but hey)
that maybe
i believe that's possible with or without transitioning :v
any long-term health risks that transgender HRT might cause are more than offset by the alleviation of long-term, chronic stress
die as yourself or live as a lie
the thougt i had
  +Euryale  basically...
definitely risked my life to come out
would rather die a woman than live as a man
and honestly, there's really not much added long term health risks from hrt
it might change, its just not enough to be considered a risk
be honest, I half-forced my hand with transition by coming out as a gay man when I'm exclusively attracted to women ;)
if there were other long term health risks of being on HRT, I feel like they would be biologically mitigated by getting rid of massive stressors because stress kills too :P
wrong channel :p
well no, of course not, but the more realistic one takes a lot more words to type
apparently /right/ channel
  +Kaiserina  kek
yes i agree with y'all
best to live a short life full of what we like than a long one full of misery
this
just hit the nail on the head
that
what i meant to communicate, thanks Kaiserina for putting it in proper words
never lupus. I learned that from House. Except that one time.
still research to improve our health too :p
that's actually a quote from a philosopher im not remembering the name of right now
on
life in your days, not days in your life' is another one I've always liked a bit :P
  +Kaiserina  o_O
another woman sentenced to like, 47 years or some shit?
is getting beyond absurd
the fuck?
please
just stop
sheer amount of concern trolling around that story is disgusting
can you wall off indiana pls?
they also just pass a bill that makes it legal to discriminate against gay and trans people in a place of business?
  +Kaiserina  yes
what kind of concern trolling?
made it legal to discriminate against anyone if your religion says you should
totally pro-life but she totally deserved it because she had a miscarriage out of a hospital"
  +agnosticnixie  er
choice"
not a religious fanatic but let me tell you my religious fanatic talking points"
should be renamed to pro-pre-life
quote carlin
you're pre-birth you're okay
you're pre-school, you're fucked
these are people who'd rather a woman die in childbirth than abort, let's not even pretend :p
notice that the two people convicted mentioned in this article arent white?
of the US are seriously screwed up
this seems to be targeting POC
I just shortcut it to anti-choice
immigrants
also a viable one
support networks are weak, state will convict even more easily, etc
bekabug this kinda stuff just make me not wanna set foot on the us ever
it's not surprising
US is a scary place. especially if you have a vagina.
just if you aren't ya know, anything but a white dude
  +Kaiserina  <_<
cis white dude. the world is you oyster!
world is you, oyster
  bekabug :P
are sleepy
oyster is world you
world is you
you're the world
  +Kaiserina  deep
are in a sense
if oysters were to go extinct, I don't think the ecoystem would be okay
ecosystem changes when a species disappears
its good or bad depends on every factor :P
very true
would like wasps to go extinct
wasps really don't matter
fuck wasps.
could too
got stung by one last year, and I still get pain occasionally in the place it stung me.
was on the head too
wasps.
just needs to go away
too
bee gore
shit
bees ;-;
how about we build a giant laser and carve a hole where indiana is now
expensive, just nuke'em
did you hear that the arkansas governor is vetoing their bill?
you hear joe arpaio?
  SaturnMoriya  >.>
  +LadyCailin no
  SaturnMoriya  good
it that way
SaturnMoriya don't worry, the bees have actually adapted to the japanese wasp now :P
one rude fella
swarm the wasp and when they cover it all they start rubbing and friction and generating a lot of heat concentrated on the wasp
wasp is pretty much boiled to death by the bees
is hardcore
  SaturnMoriya  woah
life gives no fucks
it seems that were starting to see some recovery in bee populations
is very good news
  SaturnMoriya  indeed
Holy crap! Bee genocide and it's /all in the name of baby killing/ holy FUCK!
while the japanese wasps could destroy a whole colony of european honey bees, iirc they never managed to stand a chance against africanized honey bees :P
know Euryale i know ;_;
god please no botflies
just going to not klick that one
ok
of bugs
don't want tonight's dreams to be bug-based
those are always very...extravagant
lawd the army ants
fucks are hardcore
why am I still watching this
botflies are on here
all the wasps to Indiana
  +LadyCailin lol
to the legislature.
  SaturnMoriya  haha
a box marked FREE MONEY
was gonna say there's all them innocent citizens
  Patriarchy  FAGGETS
send the wasps to this dude's house too
you all like to have sex with me
  +Kaiserina  0/10
raid
Guest11618*
woah, thats the lowest one yet!
is a terrible april fools joke
  +Kaiserina  !femops
;)
i was muted
  +cirvinfox  :I
'bout that, cirvinfox
i like girls, so was that person wrong?:p
gave you permanent voice
a real woman now n_n ;)
was very tempted to respond "yes?"
not really a raid if it's just one person, too
im honored :)
  +LadyCailin haha
^^
sure if i shoudl have voice, but i wont complain
is bekabug, does anyone know them?
but they have been talking
  +LadyCailin Nicely
LadyCailin :>
'bout that bekabug!
you
worries! :D
and needles must be a really weird thing for toddlers.
weird enough knowing that you're going to be over soon and you're not going to lose a limb
= it
my gosh, yes!
baby just woke up screaming and was waving his arm all around. that's all i can figure.
understood babies more when I realised that for a while, every single feeling is brand new to them
I think that's just something babies do to maintain homeostasis...
fool's day aka act like an asshole and call it a joke day :/
  +amelia_  Indeed.
is the same amelia_!
no fun libbies
  +Euryale  </snark>
have been cloistered at home all day but soon I must go out
first person who thinks it's a 'funny prank' to touch me we be likewise touched in a very vigorous manner...
I get everywhere :P
indeed~
that came off wrong
  +libbies  sorry
  +amelia_  :D
everyone :3
SaturnMoriya
lol yep
at the "april fools" comment
  GenericName Hey.
  +riddim sup
hearing a whole lot about feminism lately. Was directed here to learn about it. I've seen a lot of radical feminists. So in short I am here to educate myself.
in the /topic
all well and good. So I take it this is where actual feminists reside?
was hoping to find what people refer to as "feminazis". Wanting to learn their side of the argument and why they're labeled as radical.
for females is a cause I can't find an issue with.
you won't really find them because there are very few of them
those that exist are generally shunned by the feminist movement
take it I am in the wrong place then.
you're looking for people to argue with over being "feminazis" then yes
not so much argue, just try to find the logic behind it. Anyway, I'll be leaving. Take care.
  +libbies  wow
that just happen
  +void|work  :|
:/
doubt they were using "radical feminist" in the way that's used in the feminist movement
adjective, not "radical feminist" noun
bet that's the case
dude! cowabubga
  +riddim *cowabunga
  Emery hi
  +riddim sup
do i do if my boss is coming on to me at work?
ur serious i really can't give u any good advice as i'm a man
boss do you mean the person who owns the company? a manager?
there an HR department?
owns the company
don't know what the answer is beyond contacting a lawyer. start documenting everything in case he fires you though, so that you'll have evidence :/
keeps touching my ass and saying 'oops'
trust hr if he owns the place
really really fucked up
is it possible to quit? are you already looking for new work? :(
some real fucked up shit tho, no1 needs 2 put up w that
Does he have a wife?
was on the toilet this one time, and he ran in and came on my face
a troll.
he really did that, call the cops
  +Kaiserette wat
troll?
you aware of the damage he's done
the cops
of libbies, weird shit happens
so fat as well :(
does your boss have a wife?
  Emery yes
... then it might be more effective to blackmail him to leave you alone than to contact the authorities. truth be told, cops don't do shit and the burden of proof will be on you.
at least, appealing to her might help things
the deal
Emery needs the job
about my stained clothes? could I give them those
call the cops
the seamen will be proof
the clothes to the cops. yes.
is better for police, yes
long ago was this?
days ago
you washed the clothes at all?
my skirt
  +Kaiserette what
  +Kaiserette the
  +Kaiserette fuck
  Emery ?
stunned
  +Kaiserette o.o
his "deposit" got onto, then ... bag it, call the police. Also, is there any CCTV at your workplace? Something which could show him going into the toilet after you?
coworkers that can help document the sexual harassment
you guys are fucking dumb, no wonder they keep women chained to the oven
  +Kaiserette figures
call, libbies
i was writing out a comment in PM
don't know if i want to anymore
bother
won't
going to go to bed now
night everyone
:1
from "this one time" to "3 days ago" ... seemed a bit off
11:58:18 PM <Emery> he's so fat as well :(
bothered me :P
really didn't believe it from the beginning
jaded in here now
the toilet thing did make my troll sense tingling but i still gave benefit of the doubt <_<
a world where I can literally count on one hand the number of loved ones, including good friends, who have /not/ been raped...
you tend to not get too surprised when someone comes up with a bizarre story
  +amelia_  ^
  +agnosticnixie  :/
a guy who owns a small shop would potentially have most of the keys, I couldn't see it as exactly impossible
  +Euryale  exactly
quite honestly "some man tried to cum in my face against my will" hits a bit too close
as jaded and cynical as I am, I can't say the familiarity of it didn't make me feel like it could, maybe, be true; the guy who raped me not far from my place I only definitely remember by a few somewhat exagerated traits that got carved in my mind
  +agnosticnixie  dammit
  +agnosticnixie  sorry
there's no shame in taking trolls at face value and going through the motions even if you're 100% sure they're trolls
make you "dumb" just means they have the power to exploit your caring and emotional labor. well, they do.
shit though, i got plenty more where that came from
to that :1
the fuck
a nurse in my city who moved here 8 years ago
in the rehabilitation clinic, specialising in spinal issues
son, who is 10, was diagnosed as autistic when he was 2
the department of immigration wants to deport him
being a 'health burden'
have no relatives in the phillipines, the son doesn't speak filipino,
she's worked here as a skilled migrant for 10 years
government are refusing her visa applications now
really really want to hurt whoever's blocking them
wat :|
it's not troll season, I should probably lose my +v
misandrist joke here]
Thats really shitty :(
Alan the Man!
^_^
:>
thank you, Autism Speaks and other so-called 'advocacy' groups :1
  +LambdaSix  blergh
I will be too warm followed by being too cold followed by being a sweaty mess
  Alan  :)
burden? what country is it?
like der dritte reich for me
  udevd das*
  +epi  australia
a country that puts refugees in concentration camps
are many aussies in my life whom I love dearly, but your country is weeeeeeird
  +LambdaSix  :(
  +LambdaSix  s/your/that/
i hate this country too
  +Carlexi  seconded
she shall probably go to media or something
queensland nurses union is helping her out
people in this city who aren't terrible
for casual wear days
mean you have days that aren't casual wear? :\
CAN'T POSSIBLY BE DOING YOUR JOB UNLESS YOU'RE IN FORMAL DRESS
normal is business casual
just wear jeans whatever button up shirt I found first
&
is "business casual"?
is no generally agreed definition of "business casual".'
line of the definition :D
shaven" nope.
not sure if there’s a meaningful difference between smart casual and business casual tbh.
listen up: milk is not only obtained by raping a female cow, stealing and murdering her offspring, and using, abusing and exploiting her body — but it also causes the number one killer of women in America: breast cancer.
ken21 is sending graphic pms
nogod above ^
hate the dress codes.
every day
nice. i usually wear a polo  shirt and slacls. thats as dressed up as   i want.
hated  the days of more formal.. suits and ties, blech
used to wear a waistcoat most day, because scotland is cold. :3
can be snazzy
one thing 5o wear stuff cause  you wanna, another for it  to be  expected of you :\
  +LambdaSix  yeah
coat is an awesome dress code :P can be alright with more formal gear, but it is totally rocking if you can wear what you like underneath :P
i used to wear punk/metal band shirts under button up dress shirts  to work/internships
just hate all the language about it.
good suit makes the man" etc, yuck
way, being closeted  trans sux muchly
  +LambdaSix  *nodnod*
mind man clothes, but im expected to wear them right now so that makes them suck
nogod
oh, hi. surprised to see you here
and you too
small world
some random asshole sent me a dick pic on private message (I'll assume it's a dick pic from context, not gonna open that link). I'll assume he's just trolling random members of ##feminism or ##transfeminism, because seriously, completely random person.
Report it to the freenode staff if it doesn't stop.
will.
seriously, those messages are hilarious. It's like this guy's only sexual experience comes from watching porn. :D
is probably enough to get staff to ban tbh
i should just go to #freenode and inform them?
i think so
i'll do that
it just me or is #freenode a terrible place to get support? every time i’ve been there i’ve had uninformed randos giving me wrong answers until an admin shows up.
  +epi  yup
  Alan  "Townsville"
sure know how to name your settlements over there :p
after a man called Towns
was a horrible racist
Australia
a slaver tbh
got rich selling the labour of indentured workers from polynesia and china
pretty sure we have worse here tbh.
there a Torpenhow Hill, for example? And the River Avon.
means river. And Torpenhow Hill is literally Hillhillhill Hill.
I didn't realise that...
  +libbies  fuck
wish I didn't read the scroll back
everything
part?
  +libbies  ugh
don't, I can't
at the doctor's
for my appointment
bored
Don't. 'Tis a silly place.
?
wonder what kekek was looking for
not feminists probably
ladies
mr dudeman and i am looking for a waifu
mr dudeman, mr dudebro already came through.
  +OffensiveUser  crud
  +cirvinfox  :p
al a buncha misandrist harpies
u!
  +OffensiveUser  tru
  +Keilana  O>o
  +cirvinfox  lol
  Demosthenes Hello.
  +Keilana  Hi.
are you?
  +Keilana  Feministy
 How so?
I’m in a feminist chat room
I’m feeling pretty feminist today
  Demosthenes Understandable...
what exactly goes on in this chat room?  First time here.
talk about feminism and other topics, but it’s not a 101 space. (so we don’t talk about “what is feminism”, etc.)
  Demosthenes Gotcha...
member named Chun Li?  Is that supposed to be ironic?
just their username
know that, but Chun Li is the name of a female character in a game series.
character... rather scantily clad.
  +Kaiserina  err
think that might actually be their name
thought it was their name
heard of the character
the character wears a lot more clothing than most videogame women tbh
presumed it was their name, didn’t know who the character was
the character wears a qipao with the side-splits of the dress going up higher, tights, and boots
a qipao would be horrible for fighting in
textiles
I was basically nickname-shamed just there, huh?
  +Kaiserina  apparently
pretty much
  +epi  yep
reason for it
the character owns so idk how it's an insult
woman seeking vengence for the death of her father and innocent people in general at the hands of M. Bison
i use to do a mirror imitation of that yes yes thing in my ancient days of pre-transition
  +Kaiserina  <_<
  +Kaiserina  >_>
  +epi  heh
I like to think that she's a very wide look at women as a character, rather than being a deep one. if that makes sense, I dunno if it does
street fighter
of the characters were deep
exactly
fighter isn't exactly big into lore
  +Kaiserina  :p
it means a bit that they actually put women in the game
back then
she does have quite a bit of width due to the writers simply not having any idea what they wanted to do with her. so she does tons of different things
  +epi  yeah
favourite balloon animal is probably one of those snakes that are slightly "zig-zagged" (am I doing this right?)
  +epi  what
what you're trying to do is send a message throughout cyberspace, then yup
the rules and wanna let us know? Tell us your favorite balloon animal!''
snakes rule
  +epi  lol
a cheeky lil buggah aint u m8
the current topic? cool
get
  FatBack penis
  FatBack lol
my twinkie
anyone up for giving me a blowjob
  +libbies  !femops
  +libbies  thanks
  +Euryale  np
dear. All feminist acomplishments have been undone by the uttering of the word penis and a crude reference to oral sex. Pack up folks, its time to go home.
is officially over
  +Kaiserina  -2/10
it was so bad i had to go into negative numbers
  +kellanium  impressive
wait... is /that/ what the MRAs are worried about when they say that 'men are endangered'?!
still make twinkies, Euryale
twinkles :c
Counterfeits!
like how kids these days aren't /real men/ like we had in /my/ generation!
  +kellanium  *sigh*
is this where i plug my new 8-paragraph book?
ahead
i wrote a thing
another tumblr to follow
  +Euryale  heh
time to read The Feminine Mystique :D
east is red and the west is ready
bajin
  bajin sup
facing a little conundrum
though, well, I am in the top 7% of my school, I'm tempted to enroll at community college...much more diversity, activism...
of course much cheaper
also reading feminist literature
"A People's History of the United States" by Howard Zinn
vote yes
at my community college idea?
  Liebknecht  Mhm
  +morganq  yeah
I'll email the director and see if he can give me a last minute tour ;)
  +KittenGNU  um

the ban back again before wowaname come back
It's okay, it's just the bot rotating bans.
Last time it didn't put it back
  +GorillaWarfare Sec.
bans?
that left them having room to ping spam us all
also spout some threats
  +KittenGNU  :P
there's a limited amount of bans that can be set on an IRC channel. The bot removes bans, and then if the person rejoins, it re-bans them.
  +void|afk Ahh!
explains why people get banned when entering.
  +GorillaWarfare mhm
I see what it was KittenGNU
a different ban set
wrongly formated one? or..?
have a nick ban, but they came in last time with a different nick and the same userid
should do it
\o/
averted
got in?
kinda have them on the ignore thing
KittenGNU
you might recognize me as Mio-chan :)
says wowaname or their agents are still in here >.>;;
'ello, gov.
  +Kaiserina  lol
Yeah, not saying it shouldn't exist
that we need both
  +Euryale  yup
makes you say they have a botnet?
wowaname agents
gonna try guessing
not sure they have a botnet but they use tor for other stuff so
automatron
knew it
could easily spoof their IP
confirmed
divided by 2 is 4
minus 3.14 is 0.86
+ 0.02 equals 0.88
is neo nazi code for heil hitler
illuminati confirmed
  +KittenGNU  løl
  +libbies  ...
  +KittenGNU  ▲▲▲▲▲▲▲▲▲▲▲▲▲▲▲▲▲▲▲v

I got called a feminazi for advocating for a male pill, and pointing out the effects of hormonal birth control.. lol.
  +Kaiserina  lol
it like a badge of honor
  +cirvinfox  awesome
is a word with 6 letters
is a number you build with 6s
is the number of the beast
recommend "The Second Sex" by Simone de Beauvoir?
is composed of three 6s
satanic feminazi illluminati unicorn confirmed
>_>
alright, time to move on :P
a lot of things :P
ON IS A SON...no
stop
didn't really consider myself a feminist before watching it, now I do. Quite inspired by the courageous women.
male pill, Liebknecht?
forms of birth control for people with penis/testes
and trans ppl need birth control too*~
that's why i keep a pair of shears handy

away*
have this vision of you doing the Dr. Zoidberg thing Kaiserina
woop woop woop
heard there's some kind of mechanical birth control that obstructs the sperm and is reversible being somewhere between medical tests and deployment, not sure how much that advanced.
it’s getting there, not available anywhere but India yet
  +modulus  aha
:)
it’s TOTALLY A THING
I checked the male birth control pill is a few years out
this is not a pill
inject some kind of viscous thing
a method that involves a pair of electrodes and electric shock to the testis
in romania
proper misandric contraceptive
  +Kaiserina  :3
:-)
a gel that lets seminal fluid through but doesn’t let sperm through

it's semi permeable
Liebknecht
I don't really see men lining up to get stabbed in the cock :1
a few
statistically significant
bet a lot of guys would lie about it though :1
  sha512  hello
#feminism also associated wuth ##femisnism
  sha512  *with
##feminism
are you here?
OffensiveUser
you tell me is #feminism and ##feminism related
  sha512  !femops
here :(
sha512.
void|afk
wanted to know if #feminism and ##feminism related
some reason it shows i was banned in #feminism
i have not even written a line there :(
don't think it's a real channel.
ok
can you join that channel ? :)
shows me this message: Cannot join #feminism (You are banned)
  +void|afk No.
also shows you the same message ?
:)
was replaced by ##feminism.
reasons which are super important to the freenode admins but basically just annoying/confusing/irrelevant to everyone else, afaik. >.>
fine :)
it was sort of shocking to me at first
i was banned
  sha512  :)
think for a while there was an automatic redirect, but they wouldn't allow that to stay in place forever. (again, because ~reasons~)
  sha512  hmm
is the significance of ##
curious :)
issues to separate project-official channels and not, though in spite of admins trying to police it it's sometimes not uniformly respected.
ok
# is a project-official chan, ## is unofficial
  sha512  oh
always used to thought that ## is more important
other channels like ##electronics  ##hardware etc
thought they were more specific and important :)
those are not affiliated to a specific project so also ##, anyway it's kind of a wanky thing if you ask me.
:)
as, like modulus said, there are some 'unofficial' channels that get to use # not ##.
so
I'm in was #r4r but had to change to #reddit-r4r.
of ~reasons~.
on earth do they gain from enforcing these
theory it clarifies if a channel is officially linked to a project or not. then there's #mises
40 day hunger strike of a refugee who's been in detention for 5 years is coming to an end
probably won't survive ._.
  +modulus  :-(
media sucks
  sha512  :(
more that the government actively kept it from them at the moment
department of immigration covers up everything they can
don't hear about things until weeks after the fact, quite often
so, question... what are the specific goals of the modern feminist movement?
do they vary between groups?
rule of fem club: don't be a jerk
that at me?
think one of the big goals is to break down patterns of systematic opression
asked what the specific goal was lol cirvinfox had a more eloquent answer
mean job equality?
Corin
  sha512  hmm..
systematic opression lead to job inequalities in many ways
was an interesting article i think someone linked here yesterday or the day before. it was about how the feminist movement(s) evolving into being against some term that wasn't patriarchy. it was an F word
haven't had my coffee yet so i can't remember
kyriarchy?
think it was me, and it was kyriarchy
(word means all systems of heirarchy)
tha'd be it
i was...ok i wasn't even close but i found it lol
like five letters apart, not that far off :P
on the same row of the keyboard....
the keybaord they're only 4 spaces off!
qwert at least
  +cirvinfox  qwerty
Dvorak they're like two apart!
not in the same row..
one row off, kitty corner on azerty
:3
love the dog one
why is that?
there already egalitarianism for that.
the egalitarianism discussion again.
well great now im crying :p
is only achieved through justice
doesn't bring justice, it brings xanax
  sha512  hmm
everyone is equal, there are things i can do that others cant. the point is to make sure that my abilities and privelege dont intrude and opress others
think thats true
quite quickly squashes that debate
what I'm wondering about, really. I hear so many different things about what the feminist movement is and sometimes there are certain goals but other times it's just broader concepts. In the past, didn't the feminist movement have a handful of specific goals?
This isn't really a 101 channel
  Corin Oh.
  Corin Sorry.
but i don't agree with that article on a whole :)
can leave.
Which?
one you linked :)
couldn't find the one I was looking for, so I went with that
you're welcome to stay and listen, you can learn a lot that way
yea, 101 is probably going to involve you reading the suggested texts
already did.
help explain what modern feminism is.
me months of lurking/reading to start getting it
it"?
read all of the &educate links? Damn, you're fast
yea, understanding waht its about
I skimmed and a lot of them I'd already read.
dont skim.
still trying to find that egalitarianism link... half the links here are anti-feminist/MRA
is no singular feminist movement nor was there one in the past
like ur looking for a soundbite
know what this plugin did?
  +KittenGNU  awwie
it reformats pages to be easier to read
It formated websites to look like books
There were various movements that fought to forward specific goals.
or less
is feminism now a collection of similar movements?
than a cohesive body?
disparate movements
their own histories and geneaologies
Yeah, it looks like they just... quietly stopped supporting it? :(
guess it makes more sense thinking of it that way. Thanks.
  +GorillaWarfare kbai
do hope i didnt get anything wrong :I
didn't!
may i pm you ?
commit -a
  +GorillaWarfare Whoop
  bajin whoop
the sound of the police
not the wrong terminal window police
D:
do it a lot with two-factor
I ever pipe up with a six-digit number, now you know why :P
  +bekabug  lol
started using clef yesterday
not 100% sold but it's neat
iOS only, right?
nevermind
like Android too
can't get my clients to use google's authenticator but this thing is silly enough to possibly work
I use Google's
mainly just for my password manager
yea go ahead
you still here?
HAHAHAHA XD
I thought you'd know of Pingu, at least :P
doesn't..?
soundcloud doesnt seem to work in firefox anymore
  +cirvinfox  wait
  +cirvinfox  nope
  +cirvinfox  PEKBAC
  +cirvinfox  PEBKAC
Americans seems a bit 'meh' at Pingu, with it really being an obscure British thing
'muricans
  +amelia_  :P
  +amelia_  :3
pingu thing is kinda.. terrifying
  +cirvinfox  awesome
noot
am amused
is the clay animation penguin right
yep
  bajin ehuahuahuahua
  GENSTAAR  greetings
  +amelia_  Grootings
happening?
spinning round at 1040mph
  GENSTAAR  o_O
mph
definition speed
have a crappy thing to deal with and i don't want to deal with it :'(
the point of this chatroom?
curious
what's up?
found a dog december 2013. she got really sick. i surrendered her to a rescue and they paid for her VERY expensive surgery (over $3k) while I fostered her. they eventually let me adopt her due to circumstances. she was stolen late August 2014. the rescue just asked me how she's doing. i don't want to tell them "Oh well...you see the thing is..."
If you had to guess...
D:
going to be so pissed
maybe they won't but i'm having anxiety attacks over how to respond to this email
  +bekabug  :'(
feel women face more problems than men today, thats why a community is necessary?
would guess all of us have different reasons for wanting a feminist space.
example?
me...I would say most channels on IRC are male dominated. this is just a friendly place that's well moderated. we can chat or have really deep serious discussions and everyone is respectful.
one assumes pronouns here. bonus.
of an odd question though... Do you go into #ubuntu and ask why they need an #ubuntu community, for example?
go into #ubuntu-women and ask the same question. let us know what you find out  lol
  +bekabug  #ubuntu-women-project
channel name
i already did
looks like someone might have scored a +b ;)
and it wasn't a really "smart" response
of a weird hobby, going into womens' spaces and asking why they exist
and #*-women channels: because we're tired of being shit on and treated like children by men
because feminism is important :1
i can't imagine what kind of response you'd expect.
"Kind of a weird hobby, going into womens' spaces and asking why they exist"
what makes you say that you are being treated like shit?
i'm being polite because maybe you're working on a thesis. or maybe you're being a troll. time will tell.
A... one GENSTAAR
Are you saying women are not?
thats just plain rude.
they are treated like special as well..can;t say
  +GorillaWarfare hahaha
are you assuming that?
effects imo
No, I live it.
colleges,schools i felt they were given a priority
  +locas  lol
are we going to have the ~~~affirmative action~~~ discussion too
share some example at least to support your point.
get me wrong
No... you can't come into our channel and demand /anything/ from us.
don't need to support the point, most of us here have lived it
Make me
we're women, not trained monkeys
your organ grinder somewhere else
bitch doesn't bark on command >:[
ban me :(
If you want to listen and maybe learn, go for it, but you're not going to be sitting here making demands of us.
cirvinfox i was away for dinner
  +bekabug  poof.
after the +q he just sorta started spewing sexist slurs <.<
>_>
  +bekabug  lovely.
which line?
would we repeat sexist slurs here?
get angry :)
need to know
get however I want
you don't
i say something which you won't like
i don't mean to offend anyone
  sha512  :)
slurs are pretty easy to avoid.
say any slurs. it's pretty easy.
you ban me
you know, slurs.
i don't use bad words
means bad words,right?
you'll be fine.
english is not my first language
  +GorillaWarfare Yes
about affirmative action and race, but is also applicable to affirmative action and gender
checking that page
i do have experience it in my places
india
to mention that initiatives to encourage women to attend college tend to disproportionately advantage white women..
from US and all developed ones
  +GorillaWarfare What?
mean girls are treated as special by teachers at times :)
i am by-default a guilty guy at times :)
Guess I can't speak to that; I go to school in the US.
you should examine why that is
i don't mind that much at times :)
what?
treated as secondary
being scolded for someone else's mistake
if it was bias
huh.
generous.
generous
then?
am i advocating any act of that for either side
anyone
  +bekabug  mmhmm.
if i am sounding rude
mean to offend anyone :)
It might be a good idea to maybe back off a bit on the apparent assumption that feminist claims are exaggerated
am not assuming much :)
are a lot of problems associated with
recognise that :)
it may sound weird
than you could ever guess~
some of the things even harm me just becoz i am a male
that's not important here i guess
patriarchy hurts men too, we know..
it is ##feminism :)
:)
am not sure if all the causes are same
at times one can get hurt with bias
thing if bias hurts you it can hurt me
mostly helps you, though :1
the point
why you /keep doing it/
wish if you could read my brain
i didn't do it
  sha512  :)
associate me with a group please
can't figure out if you're ...apologizing or patting yourself on the back or...what really the point of this discussion you're trying to have is.
you /are doing it/
i don't want any such gains
  +GorillaWarfare bekabug++
  +GorillaWarfare wahahaha~~
  +bekabug  hahahaa
i am trying to have a discussion
did I say that out loud?
if it is offending then i should shut up
about what?
in general
mean if you give some articles
i give some of my view points
feel like you might be telling people things they already know.
not really sure what you're trying to discuss. When you said that bias hurts men too... yes, that was said _in the article I linked you_.
yes, I love it when a man tells me about my lived experience
cause is written as patriarchy
i am not telling you about your experience :)
article is about patriarchy hurting men, so... yes
might have lot of things that i can't imagine
can only tell a bit of my experience
know that other things hurt men
does trying to get a cookie mean btw? :)
curious
seeking anything as such :)
yeah, I guess if you're going to talk about how patriarchy hurts men then sure, go right ahead, I guess
is SO MUCH more pleasant with blockbot
just don't expect us to give a damn since you can't dismantle a system of oppression by addressing how the system hurts the oppressors :1
very important that we all talk about men as much as possible. >.>
fact, I would go so far as to say that addressing how patriarchy hurts men /reinforces the patriarchy/
you may have faced very bad things
please don't group me into that :)
have no idea :1
yes, I will group you into that. #yesallmen
  sha512  :(
female bias hurts too..its just not patriarchy
maybe if i smile a lot :) no one will yell at me :)
a lot of dude in this channel
bias'?
mean like in the institution
i guess that;s not important here
 ++
  +Kaiserina  wut
you mean the part where women don't trust men not to rape us because we've spent our entire lives being the target of sexual aggression!
  +Kaiserina  m8
whatever i say you are generalising me into something :)
get shat on by the patriarchy all the time
  sha512  shat?
me google that
on
hey! stop confusing he poor guy with your queer politic!
shut up :)
will listen more
when men get crapped on its because they have things that are considered feminine
agree :)
see common insults between guys
"dandileon" "gay" "stop acting like a girl"
being girl is terribad
not that much here at least
it is catching on
That's one of the reasons why I think it's so important for feminists to reclaim femininity: it's the one part of social life that we can actually /own/
many indians follow west a lot
busy morning!
I hate to break it to you but when your country requires armed, vigilante groups of women because the police /flat out refuse/ to take rape seriously, you are in no position to claim that your country is superior to mine when it comes to women's rights :1
am not claiming dear
it is superior
dear
mean... at least in the United States, the police /pretend/ to take rape seriously :1
is not superior
you do /NOT/ call me 'dear'
might have seen the bbc doc
i won't
rights, you won't
that was satisfying :>
meanie
surprised that went on as long as it did
a little enforced listening time isn't a bad idea :P
sometimes the operators get in a bemused mood
i was in my early teens i wanted so much to be feminine i went stereotypical emo lol
for me
can guess how that went <_<
had to get up to take care of a toddler emergency so i'll have to scroll up
let me guess... lots of enforced masculinity that is less obvious from people who are not in the 'in' group?
like getting bullied all the time and stuff
i ended up cutting my hair short and try to be dude because i thought the bullying would stop
why am I picturing one of those fire cabinets with 'In case of toddler, break glass' written on it?
didn't and i lost my only escape at the time <_<
I did something similar. I came out as gay. Turns out cisgay culture is pretty macho ;)
i need one. it will be full of gummy bears and neosporin
I jest. Truth is my nesting instinct is being positively ridiculous lately. :1
a girl rocks though
  +Kaiserina  :3
people around said girl might not rock as much tho <_<
of those people are other women :>
are okay
had people question me as to why i gave up my masculinity, and find it hard to accept that its a positive thing
i love my kid like nothing else but holy shit. some days...
still get all giggly whenever grandma calls me granddaughter
nice!
  +Kaiserina  :3
yay!
  +Kaiserina  :3
imagine thats nice
got extremely lucky regarding family
uncannily lucky
people tho not so much <_<
of my friends was gushing one day about how her rabbi wouldn't touch her anymore. i was horrified and ready to go burn something down. we had a cultural roadblock. this was a good thing even though it's still really sexist.
certain jewish sects don't touch women who aren't immediate family? there's so much stuff i don't know about...uh..everything.
she was always a woman, even pre-transition. poor rabbi's already thoroughly covered in cooties.
everywhere!
  +Kaiserina  lolol
  +bekabug  bwahaha
they should have innoculated themselves
two circles and two dots, c'mon no excuses :p
wanted cooties when i was a kid
societal expectations didn't let me >:C
circle, square square. every day. do not forget. not even once.
gah i forgot!
How do you inoculate yourself against girl cooties? Is it like in virology where you need to expose yourself to a benign strain? Is that why men can't keep their hands off of lesbians?!
  +cirvinfox  bwahaha
  +cirvinfox  nice
  +bekabug  lol
is le literally worse than ebola
is 13
is the number of bad luck
+ 3 equals 16
- 10 equals 6
+ 660 equals 666
illuminati confirmed
should stop
cooties are incredibly contagious, too! You have to be careful. Just being in the same room as my partner makes me feel all weird :1
have a problem
of people just...sitting in here.
did not know feminism was a spectator sport
lot of them are lurkers I've /never/ seen say anything
OffensiveUser
lurk lurk
seen them speak
lurker
not like on undernet where you can see what a person is interested in by seeing what channels they sit in
i'm heavy on retro bideo james
getting into tabletop stuff here at chez bekabug
to learn by listening is cool with me. i try and do it more
my
intensifies]
I feel like I need to do a thing
a lil?
so I found a
making lots of love is 2 kinky for me
see. wouldn't want you to overdo it.
on!
have that chain thread on all the aweful stuff TotalBiscutt have said?
I have logs
wait no
thought that was a nick hehe
That's probably a very long list.
Someone made a thread on some of the more controversial stuff, and outright misogynistic
old. very funny.
somethingawful couldn't tolerate him
Ah, I don't know of that.
  SEPwm hiya
come from AVFM IRC
  +GorillaWarfare Hi
  +GorillaWarfare Bye
me a second to remember why that acronym sounded familiar
  +bekabug  lol
poor men. they need a voice.
the acronym, GorillaWarfare?
Voice of the voiceful! Protector of the protected!
Voice For Men xD
Voice For Men
lord
  +Keilana  hahahahaha
it going/
  Ermac11 ?
thanks
yourself?
can I ask a few questions? before I do, I want it to be known I come in peace, and hope to at least come to a mutual understanding here........ and I'm good
come in peace...?
  Ermac11 yes
the AVFM guy again?
yet I know exactly who you're talking about
remarkable
I’m not surprised
like I said, I'm here in peace and I'm placing good faith in you that we can be civil..
want to offend bourgeois norms
you going to make us discuss~~~
should all be civil to misogynists of course. :3
hang on. let me find this link real fast..
perhaps try labeling me after we've had this conversation. not before.
finding link..
though >.>
You'll excuse us for being a bit terse. We've a had a few jackasses here today, and we're all pretty tired of dudes coming in and asking us to explain 101 stuff or ~~debate them~~.
I see
read that...
absolutely 100% am not denying females have troubles in the world. I agree.
  +kirjatoukka  feeeeeeeeeemales
  +GorillaWarfare "females"
women... ladies... how would you like to be referred to?
would be great
humans
then
we get to do PHMT again? /claps
have any of you ever heard of Tom Leykis?
  +GorillaWarfare noop
whats your point?
ok. well, simply put... can we also not agree there are plenty of issues that men are facing in this corrupt system as well? This video is an excellent point...
a PUA
are raped and murdered! Men can't find a wife!
don't agree with ALL of Leykis' views, obviously. yet good points are made here
  +GorillaWarfare EQUALITY
  +tachikoma  lol
your point dude
on
denied that men face issues in the current system. particularly, for example, if they're queer, trans, non-white, etc etc. so why is it that MRAs focus on straight white middle-class men's ability to get laid?
radio pua?
cant think of anything better?
what about men who are screwed by women like in this video? Alimony, false child support (like if I were to date a single mother, and the kid was not mine, I'd still be paying support for the child anyway even if it was DNA tested negative)
a girl
a couple examples
you are talking to the wrong audience
just want to interrupt, why are we having this talk?
so aka... you don't care if we face this?
I liked this earlier, and I'll link it again
guys are triggering me
found this today and found it interesting
- i don;t care tyou telling me you face this
don't care that the female in the video cheated on the guy, and he is the one paying alimony for her?
  +epi  !femops
trolls are obvious
no
if this is the biggest problem you face in the world … :|
literally couldn't care less
is it raid time? sigh.
pathetic, he's pathetic, you're all pathetic!
  +GorillaWarfare s/liked/linked/
I like the link, also..
is bsdgrill and why are they in jail
think i'm funny
  +GorillaWarfare :P
lol
- loved your description of AVFM
  +GorillaWarfare groot@
though
time we sit down
ask ourselves
about the men?
we use them as fuel?
  +OffensiveUser  fertilizer?
green?
about vegetarians
the green part
aren't animals
too real
a dog lying in front of my chait
  +OffensiveUser  chair
feel trapped
"Prior to the institution of automation, to the replacement of males by machines, the male should be of use to the female, wait on her, cater to her slightest whim, obey her every command, be totally subservient to her exist in perfect obedience to her will..."

doubt men can do that as good as machines, machines are the way to go ...
  +amelia_  ^
that coming from someone with the nick tachikoma could sound a bit weird ...
Not at all, we all know Tachikomas will lead the robot uprising ... that, or Roombas :P
  +amelia_  :3
is an adorable section in the manga
I'm off to bed, have a nice day/night :)
find a link to it, but the tachikoma's are all discussing a robot revolution and enslaving all the humans.
think in Stand Alone Complex? It might also be a bunch of fucikoma's)
  +LambdaSix  *Fuchikoma
sounds nifty :P
really wish there were a one-word way to refer to “people with uteruses” and “people with testes” to make bio textbooks less cissexist >:(
  +libbies\bbl  uterus-bearers
  +libbies\bbl  >.<
  +libbies\bbl  testes-holders
  +libbies\bbl  <.<
are the worst things ever
wait to get rid of mine
talking about ghost in the shell
see u there talkin gits
  +amelia_  :P
n_n
  +LambdaSix  ^_^
made me remember that episode where the tachikomas show sentience for some reason lol
I dunno about you, but I know a /lot/ of uterus-bearers that are also testes-holders...
did not say that these two classes were distinct
joke ;)
are multi classing rules
an xp cap though
SaturnMoriya and nuit
were both -v
worries
I gotta head to the store and /do stuff/
house today, not fun
just got out of the shower after being covered in rat shit after getting stuck in a crawlspace
more into the breech!
  +libbies\bbl  superwoman*
so ready for November!!
literally cannot contain my excitement anymore
  +GorillaWarfare What'
November?
going to stay in Norway for a month
  +epi  norvember
  +LadyCailin lol
  +epi  nordvember
  +epi  idklol
nice
the month of talos
FUCK her
about black people holding back trans folk
that and what's her deal
  +yar  wat
she's a trans woman who co-produced The Matrix
wtf y is she fucking up like that
haven't gotten to the part of the speech where she blames black people for holding trans liberation back... yet
still at her fetish-y hair anecdote and...
pretty creepy, TBQH
that site struggled on my phone
the video of her speech
the thing about lgbt orgs benefiting from the prison industrial complex about?
not sure
Autism Speaks)
and if you bought one of those blue lightbulbs I hope you burn yourself on it
not feminazis, we're the axis of femi-evil
of nazis i've had a bad day
i hope the next person to rant about how they're being oppressed because easter eggs are halal now chokes to death on whatever it is racists eat
  +void|afk Hah.
forgot to buy easter eggs.
a fan of Lana Wachowski
you're still a fan of her even after she pulls some really racist crap?
Men: I really don't give a shit about whether or not you're our ally our not. Quite frankly, I'm sick of expending the emotional labor trying to convince you assholes that you should care about women. Wanna know why?
frankly you're a /tool/
trying to dismantle patriarchy and you are a /tool that can help us do that/
the oppressor class you do not have a /right/ to be counted in this struggle
while it's great if you come on board and provide your /own emotional labor/...
expect us to give a crap about you
you know what?
have more important things to do. My blood and sweat is better used convincing other women to take up the banner of solidarity with other women.
I can hear the "but you need us" on the tip of your tongue...
you, no we don't.
are literally half the world population.
YOU THINK FOR A MOMENT that you can stop us if we stood as one?!
you. sit down. stop pretending that /you/ are in control or that women /need/ you.
SHIT, Lana Wachowski's speech is creepy
not yet gotten to the race baiting ('cept for the fetishism at the beginning)
  +Euryale  but...
transcribing her talking about Leelah Alcorn and...
transcript does not do it justice
tone of voice
/relishes/ it
it's fucking sick
link?
  red_anon21321312  hello
Hi
  red_anon21321312  so
brings you here?
looking around seeing what i can find
you looking to find, then?
  red_anon21321312  idk
  red_anon21321312  stuff
/b/ stuff
  red_anon21321312  random
just another board html programmer
  +Kaiserina  wat
  +Kaiserina  -10/10
to /fem/ all hail 8chan
  +amelia_  !femops
you fem nazi's
you
  red_anon21321312  aa
  red_anon21321312  a
  red_anon21321312  a
  red_anon21321312  a
  red_anon21321312  a
  +Kaiserina  rekt
done.
i gave this troll the most abyssal score ever
that was coming
had me at "hello"
thought the really imaginative username was a bit of a tell too ;)
happened in autism speaks?
you mean the huge autism mom org?
think so yes
than trampling over autistic people's civil liberties and funding eugenics programs?
haven't heard much about it
  +Kaiserina  what
really?
Speaks spends a huge amount of their money trying to find a way to test for autistic fetuses so that they can be selectively aborted
despite the fact that the autistic community is /very/ much opposed to this
  +Kaiserina  o.O
  +Kaiserina  wow
  +SaturnMoriya ew
they were doing a thing at my university :1
they produce a large amount of propaganda that dehumanizes autistic people and promotes us as burdens on our families
do they pretend to be fighting for autism rights then? O.o
guess because 'autism mom community' sounds really awkward on a poster :1
have /zero/ autistics on their board of directors or in any senior executive positions
they might have that one
years ago they hired an autistic person in some token position
think he's technically either on the board or executive level
he's in charge of something very trivial
he's also a token
hand-selected by these people because they /know they can control him/
speaks is garbage
like some god-tier corruption there
god alyx_ why have you done this
what exactly?
nothing
around
  Jason haha
haven't seen alyx for like, a year now)
my sides, they're splitting.
i know right
  +amelia_  !femops
sorry i'll tone it down next time :(
you suck
i'm not a comedian
I am so confused
what is going on?
didn't really do anything
normally ok
  +epi  idklol
was trying to be funny
sorry
  Jason :(
okay
##feminism
know alyx and she would appreciate my humor :(
just Jason
  Jason yes
i've pinged alyx elsewhere to see what she makes of it :v
don't know you
will probably either ban me or say hi
yes you do
don't bug people who have an @ before their name
sage advice
  Jason well
out i have the wrong alyx
apologize
happened before, don't worry
  Jason wait
are you alyx?
I'm alyx_
is definitely the one i want, alyx with an underscore is not
you were the same people, sorry
did find it rather odd that the alyx i'm thinking of would be an op in here, guess i should have checked)
welcome to the channel, I guess
 :/
you come for feminism or a tail-less alyx? :P
introductions are awkward
  @alyx_  lol
for the feminism, stay for the alyx_?
  +epi  lmao
gonna ask what the m is for, remembered
is not my day
is a channer
is present in pi
is 3.14
minus 0.14 equals 3
right
number of sides in the illuminati triangle
confirmed
Kaiserina
  +Kaiserina  wakeupsheeple.jpg
might have a problem
  +Kaiserina  <_<
  +Keilana  O.o
confirmed
  +Kaiserina  illuminaughty
you see, all the best people on earth gathered together to decide what the perfect name was
we settled on
  alyx  Alyx.
  +epi  lol'd
shit
fuck..
my GOD
is the kind of shit that happened before Roe…so many dead people
  +cirvinfox  yea...
who spins that as anything but horrid and atrocious and a blatant failure of 'pro life' doctrine is deluded
Kos did a great job of reporting that one
it's disgusting
girl was raped and still doesn't have the right to an abortion
was 4 years ago…I am almost sure the laws are even worse now
  Liebknecht  :/
  Liebknecht  Yeah
many abortion clinics have shut down
  +riddim goddamn
even in states where it's legal
  Liebknecht  GL
afaik women have 2 go 2 another state where i live
fucked up
  +Keilana  *Mississippi
I have a rly good map of this shit
the one I’m thinking of, but they have maps for a whole bunch of stats. All are completely horrifying.
in RI
a bit unfair to use counties lol
  Liebknecht  :/
but it’s a start, at least
saw one that controlled for population of counties
had like, a “distance to nearest abortion provider” thing
better
it showed something broadly similar
there’s a shocking number of ppl who don’t have access
would love to see this correlated with income data
have a gut feeling that the women most likely to need an abortion in the first place are the ones who don't have access to it, and who are probably poor :/
I wish the Coursera abortion course materials were still up
  +Keilana  yes.
know that’s true, I just don’t currently remember where I got the data :/
poor people (a) have less access to abortion services, (b) can’t use Medicaid to pay for abortion, and (c) therefore have higher rates of unsafe abortion
includes information on where to order the stuff online
thank libbies\zzz
I'm just surprised at how errr...stiff the pro lifers are
a easy bipartisan solution..free abortion, free condoms!
i'm aware
I feel like the pro-life brigade would not be ok with more condoms OR abortion, their whole deal is that women should be punished for having sex
yay libbies\zzz
  +Keilana  :D
is fucking awesome.
hadn’t seen that Atlantic article before
would read again
of it, at least
  Liebknecht  lol
as their pro-lifers..they should be on board with it!
absolutely should, but they’re a bunch of hypocritical fucks >.>
every sperm is sacred
not
should also be supporting services for pregnant ppl to get prenatal care and supporting welfare for pregnant/parenting ppl
noooooooo
dammit epi, now I have that stuck in my head
rly gets my goat is that pro-lifers are super anti-free-birth control, when that is /exactly the thing/ that reduces abortion rates
also that great “condom friend” ad, riddim
about controlling women~~
less about preventing abortion~~
turns out condoms help with famines over the long term. a lot.
libbies\zzz
about controlling female sexuality and by extension female agency. If it were actually about gametes or zygotes they'd be trying to put an end to uncontrolled menstruation and ejaculation~
or perhaps it's about producing a generation of low-wage slaves..err employees
trying to help prevent miscarriages~~~
woman, can't get an abortion because it's not accessible/affordable
birth to a poor child
pls to watch cissexist language surrounding pregnancy)
child becomes a wage slave for the capitalist
another gear in the prisons
forced pregnancy is an /awesome/ way to perpetuate poverty
good point
time to sleep
death metal”
shit finally
cool :B

  +Keilana  :P
suprised theres feninist death metal,theres every other kind :p
just sad it took this long
  +Keilana  \m/
Awesome :3
grrrl all the way
grrrl!
  +SaturnMoriya yes
  +SaturnMoriya !
mostly punk
too lately
we girls want to create mediums that speak to US. We are tired of boy band after boy band, boy zine after boy zine, boy punk after boy punk after boy... BECAUSE we need to talk to each other. Communication/inclusion is the key. We will never know if we don't break the code of silence... BECAUSE in every form of media we see us/myself slapped, decapitated, laughed at, objectified, raped, trivialized, pushed, ignored, st
invalidated, knifed, shot, choked and killed. BECAUSE a safe space needs to be created for girls where we can open our eyes and reach out to each other without being threatened by this sexist society and our day to day bullshit"[14]
is still the best band ever, of any genre
listened to them once
click as much as some other stuff
really changed me
their movement of the time was amazing
living proof that DIY ethic works
on greater scale
 did like  the sound
do you feel about...conflict
fooding
  +SaturnMoriya k
  +epi  lol
channers
  +cirvinfox  back
  +Kaiserina  so
know you westerners are going way too far with tolerance, like pedophiles in goverment and no death penalty for crazy murderers, but there things based, on cultural values, logic and nature, which is why straight peoples are favorable over no straight ones. Its same as nobody wants to hire blind person for job or anyhow else disabled‏"
do my internet friends always turn out to be massive shits
mean
  +SaturnMoriya often
how does that not surprise me :1
it shouldn't lol
of sexual predators in queer space :1
it shouldn't surprise anyone
I wonder if abusers and rapists and the like turn to social activism as a means of atonement :1
she's denying it all and says its all false accusations
that's what they all say
course
she local? do you know her?
nationwide
never met her
do i particularly care to meet any of these 'lgbt' activists really :v
feel that when someone says 'XYZ is a false accusation against me for DV or rape' the burden of proof is on /them/ to show that the person making those accusations had a pattern of violence against this person during their relationship
what anyone says when accused of any crime
that's half the reason defense lawyers exist
  +Euryale  exactly
also think some rapists and abusers turn to social justice activism in order to deflect suspicion from themselves and disempower their victims from being able to accuse them publicly
that article I posted
2011
  Liebknecht  Well
I have one from 2015
is there anyone who could actually help me to understand modern feminism?
topic. This channel isn't 101
  +KittenButt løl
you're not that interested then
a very boring male :1
anyone know any feminist speakers around New England?
hey, I'm a male! XD

congrats? :(
shoot males on site here
so you know
but
oh
a leftist anarcho-syndicalist!
  Liebknecht  :P
  +Kaiserina  shhh
hunting menz
man season
that sounds like something different
WELCOME OUR FEMBOT OVERLORDS
is women's history month. april is man's history month
still keep a lever action popper around to entertain myself though
in, man is history
LOL nice xD
it's man's history month :/
  Liebknecht  Why
history, Liebknecht
no no no I'm on your side! Friendly fire Kaiserina!
other day I was trying to tell my male classmates about the wage inequality that women experience :/
that go
they kept saying "oh, it's because they take time off if they're pregnant" - but my damned data adjusts for that!
no way to convince them :/

just wish to exploit everyone - especially women
minorities
  Liebknecht  etc
good to research the enemy. well done, double agent
those should go in our resources. you could submit a pull request or something.
:D
  Liebknecht  Alright
congrats to our new op :>
mean hello :3
ME MORTALS
 mean
will do my best to keep the chan safe and pleasant n_N
  +Kaiserina  n_n
best bot ever
  +Kaiserina  n_n
love playing with that bot
a lot of fun
does my new position as op mean i can't reveal illuminaughty conspiracies with math anymore cuz im a part of it? :C
yes
well
you're an op in #math?
  +Kaiserina  no
  Liebknecht  Aw
wanted to bash the misogynists with formulas and postulates and theorems and proofs :(
For this transgression against the society's code of silence you are hereby excommunicated!
implies im christian
  +Kaiserina  :3
reminds me
never really officially left the Church
  Liebknecht  his*
  Liebknecht  lol
never did either
I wish I would just get ex-communicated already, would save me a lot of time
i dont care strongly enough to do it :V
just write the closest thing to my beliefs at the civil census and leave it at that
a Secular Humanist
  Liebknecht  You?
closest thing to my personal beliefs would be some schools of buddhism :v
go to bed
i dont really follow/practice it
lovelies
I was previously a Roman Catholic..mostly because of my parents :/
though i never cared much about it
can't be apart of organization that does not treat everyone equally lol
Church is SO welcoming to the LGBTQ community, right? /sarcasm
yeah
I stopped "believing" - that was the first reason I stopped going
anyway I guess unaffiliated would be what you would be wonder :P
  Liebknecht  under/in*
think so :V
then? Non-practicing buddhist! XD
my personal beliefs are indeed personal they're very similar (and influenced) by buddhist beliefs
have a Dalai Lama magnet on my fridge :P
the leader of the tibetan buddhists
people think he's like a 'pope' figure in buddhism
not really
  Liebknecht  Oh

  Liebknecht  goodness
a Feminist, and undocumented immigrant..this hits home
everyone equally' -> 'treat everyone with dignity and justice'
that wouldn't be fair to men though
I read something that the person is likely to not survive?
it would be fair.. lol
:P
men have been privileged for far too long
must eliminate the privileged class
think that was sarcasm
  +Kaiserina  :P
I don't think it's fair to demand men give up their male privilege. They have spent their entire lives with it, it would be traumatic to make them live like women!~
  +Kaiserina  kek
:P
  +Kaiserina  but
  +Kaiserina  but
FREEDOM
it would be traumatic to confiscate the property of the capitalist, too!
let them cry about it for a day
see how much better the world is when everyone's equal the next day
  Liebknecht  lol
but
FREEDOM
maybe I have too much hope in the human race
GUNS
RED MEAT
BURGERS
everybody here socialist too for the most part?
capitalism is an offense 'round these parts
ho!
  AtlasProject  lol
right
was talking about this earlier
favorite chocolate is explicitly non fair-trade
child slave labour
that make me a bad person
capitalist
  +Kaiserina  shoo
the sweet taste of exploitation
like $9 a bar or something
the tears of the exploited workers make it taste better? jk
absolutely
  deSouza lol
no i think you're do the right thing be supporting the predominantly white male business owners
  +libbies  \o/
that's what i call progress
reverse
chocolate libbies
Hershes ;)
  deSouza toblerone?
  deSouza oh
  deSouza lol
a small rich vanilla layer on top of a chocoletariat foundation
disgusting, AtlasProject
  +libbies  yum
  +Kaiserina  wait
that mean you're literally eating the old capitalist system
method of revolution comrades
EAT the rich
  AtlasProject  :D
  +Kaiserina  shhhhhhhhhhhhhh
hunting rich people
not my problem that you're signing/legislating your rights away~
get our rights back
YOU are signing/legislating /my/ rights away!
a few more decades of protesting
  +Kaiserina  decades?
just went on an all out rant
that article I linked :/
about months
what
revolution comrade
yemen?
comrade
somewhat skeptical that a socialist revolution lies just months around the corner*
the AKs comrade!
is an ak?
  AtlasProject  :)
have drones
  AtlasProject  icbms
carbine designed in the 40s by a red army soldier who was on sick leave after getting shot on the eastern front :p
  AtlasProject  helicopters
  AtlasProject  tanks
its a joke alright <_<
need to get all serious
  AtlasProject  oh
off revolution plans*
the thing with icbms at least is that you'd be burning up all your customer base :P
in general nukes in a revolutionary situation are, yeah, not something I would think matters
it comes to nuke its game over
everyone
of nukes, there are currents in history that say japan didnt surrender over nukes
unless you join say...the brotherhood of steel then its just a new chapter
over the threat of a two front war with the soviet union.
by currents you mean the soviet declaration of war the same day and the Kwantung army being destroyed in 2 weeks
  +agnosticnixie  :p
  deSouza yes
japan did surrender right when the soviets entered the pacific
  +Kaiserina  so
  +Kaiserina  :V
japanese foreign ministry internal stuff was definitely focused on not having a northern front
Khalkin ghol the idea that the USSR might declare war made enough people shit bricks that the northern party lost all credibility in the military government
just glad that mccarthy didn't get is wish of nuking china come true <_<
they had two plans for the war
everything would be fucked
enough casualties in the us to try for a diplomatic resolution and get stalin to mediate
attacked, plan went to the shitter
didnt want unconditional surrender)
always, glorious soviet is wild card
positioned their stuff at the south, where the us was likely to attack)
:P
  +Kaiserina  right
always get the two confused <_<
actually fairly funny that this discussion comes up in Dragonfall >.>
how much of a raging anticommies they were that confusion makes sense
with the right background (I think it's academic) you can actually call out the antagonist on comparing his action to the nuclear bombs
if you want scary
a world where mccarthy is the us president and mcarthur is the head of the armed forces
  +Kaiserina  boom
need for more horror fiction ever again
McCarthy winning in 52 one of the timeline changes in Fallout 2
Fallout in general
the seas depends on the helmsman
think that's just a fantheory
a timeline i'm a great fan of
given fallout's setting is most likely
alternatehistory
involves exactly that
it as scary as i think it is?
not just macarthur, lemay in charge of the air force too
  bajin lol
  +Kaiserina  welp
playing I dont want to set the world on fire at this point
Lemay actually the sane one in the airforce general staff
were all seemingly terrifying warmongers
butterflies start with stalin taking a larger behind the scenes role in the korean war and thus the chinese get better intel and end up decisively winning the korean war
it causes mccarthy to win the 52 election
  bajin lulz
probably what happened in the fallout timeline <_<
the airforce general in Strangelove was often stated to be Lemay but was actually more one of lemay's even less mentally stable underlings
us invades iran after mossadegh decides to get close with the eastern bloc and the chinese get bold and end up intervening on the side of north vietnam
then end up getting nuked
unrealistic
would have nuked Beijing before supporting north vietnam
  +Kaiserina  yes
vietnam was aligned with soviet
why china supported pol pot later on
part of the reason why
no split in this timeline )yet)
  +Kaiserina  oic
don't forget, this is still the 50s
  bajin (*
basically...fallout? :P
powerarmor and energy weapons though :c
  +libbies  lol
split because stalin avoids getting poisoned by khrushchev but ends up getting extremely paranoid and the doctor's plot gets out of hand
gets overthrown by voroshilov
the ussr and china end up being dependent on each other's resources
  bajin dohohoho
forward a few years china invades alaska us deploys power armor units to mainland china canada gets annexed everything gets nuked the end...or is it?
was always a fan of the flamethrower
rifle for me :3
power armor unit would be slow and have a weakness for rpgs
in the fallout world
us made it all the way to the gobi desert thanks to power armor :P
  deSouza lol
the setting power armor is powered by a small nuclear reactor so it isn't slow as fuck
should really make a fallout game set in CHina
would be cool to have like a fallen Maoist aesthetic
would be interesting
like fallout 3 best
dc
dont think we'll see a fallout game outside of the us though <_<
  deSouza :D
whole murican 50s thing is a pretty strong theme of the series
really
wasn't in fallout 1
3 was the only game that really went super in your face about it
was more background
1 and 2 had some hints, the government propaganda from before the war was def 50s maccarthyism
i kinda noticed it in the energy weapon designs for example
Fallout 3 is what made it into a one note joke
lot of them were taken right out of 50s sci fi
love to see a fallout game outside of the us though
a lot was taken out of 80s and 90s scifi
3 kinda hints there's a stable civilization somewhere in britain
least stable enough to send someone accross the ocean
original aesthetics of the followers of the apocalypse were pretty much punk
a lot of the styles were taken from mad max :p
havent played fallout 1 and 2
3 and new vegas
the tanker vagrants in 2, who actually even had a punk band if you talked to them
followers do have aa punkish aesthetic in new vegas tho
of friendly punks
there's a lot of atom punk spliced in it
was also pretty mad maxish
much lifted straight from the movies thematically yeah
  +Kaiserina  mhm
wonder where the inspiration for ulysses came from tho
then FO3 had to pick the worst segment of the worst mad max movie for its mad max reference :p
yesss
be honest a lot of fo3's setting didn't m ake sense in my head :V
in my head canon fallout 3 takes place 20 years after the war
makes more sense that way
was probably meant to happen, iirc there's one minor inconsistency in dialogues with the 200 years post setting
  +Kaiserina  mhm
think bethesda did originally plan to set it soon after the war
someone in megatown that says his wife was one of the founders of the place
  +Kaiserina  megaton*
she's ghoulified she'd be dead by now :P
it just doesn't look like what Maryland would look like after 200 years without significant civilization
they wanted to get the brotherhood and the enclave there hard so they had to move the date forward
could've just used the talon company imo :v
mean, Pripyat is pretty damn pristine (and logging companies that tried to get the rights to the red forest found out that caesium doesn't take bribes)
another group to oppose it
maybe a confederacy of all the bigger and smaller settlements to protect against the talon company?
that would probably feel like a better game
ithink they're original plan really was to do something really big with the talon company
  +Kaiserina  their*
  +Kaiserina  damnit
could've keeped the purifier plot as well too
settlements are trying to find a way to get enough water to go around, talon company wants to take control of the purifier because who controls it rules the joint
bethesda
wasn't that hard
probably is very hard to some extent
mean, their scripting engine is really painfully counterintuitive
like a perfect combination of shitty and hard to use (where usually they tend to be mutually exclusive :p )
i guess
need help and don't know where to turn.
anyone here?
there’s people here
just getting done with my first semester in college (womens studies major)
my boyfriend was saying things that i find very problematic
  +Keilana  :/
kinda stuff
i told him how men hold a lot more positions of power in the US government, and that women are underrepresented
is true, right
he asks "what exactly is wrong with that"
  +yar  dtmfa
  +libbies  DTMFA
  samusaran "dtmfa"?
don't understand
the mother fucker already
  samusaran =O
are you a mefite by any chance
what?
nvm
him why?
wondering where you got dtmfa from
is nice and treats me right, he just was asking about my studies
i think we're mostly kidding
dont know how to answer his question
"what exactly is wrong with that"
  +libbies  mmm
just stood there dumbfounded and i felt bad b/c it undermined everything i had learned
nice right now but his beliefs will come out in other ways later
easy way to respond to things like that is to ask lots of clarifying questions
politicians legislate bad laws regarding women and their bodies
it around on him
Reminds me of a boyfriend I used to have :/
goes on to say that a male-majority is not inherently bad on its own
him going off on egalatarianism on Facebook recently, so
reasonable, i think. right?
  +GorillaWarfare *egalitarianism
Well, why is there a male majority?
  samusaran because
built the country, correct?
my guess
did not build the country. men /and women/ built this country it's just that men were in a position of power due to patriarchy so get all the credit and had all the real /control/
may have been in power when they established systems of legislature and such, but it's been what, over 200 years since then?
sorry i'm new to this, i haven't gotten all the words down
samusaran
so i just texted my BF some stuff from here. and how it shouldn't be a male-majority
he texts back: "jews are highly over-represented in the financial sector but nobody is allowed to point this out"
he's sending me statistics and stuff
jews involved in banking
do i respond to this?
  +libbies  ...
  meowthhh  wut
  +libbies  DTMFA
him hes retarded
Please don't use slurs like that here
your bf is an antisemite
jews are in lots of businesses
you DO NOT USE ableist slurs in this channel
sounds racist
him plz
sorry
a good person
Not lol
offedned by the antisemitism
yes... there's nothing funny about that.
it
lol meowth
understand the offense of using that word, didnt mean to offend anyone
can be offended by it, but please don't use ableist slurs in response?
jsut upsetting to hear that
already said i wouldnt?
he right? he's sending over alot of statistics that claim that jews run US banks and media
do i say?!
not in banks or media :) lol
him he's a nazi
tell him thats an overgeneralization
that his bias is guiding him
how did it even go from women to jews
"Jews run US banks and media"? Like... every single one?
respond to all texts from that point on with antifascist/antiracist rallying songs
disproportionately? And if so, disproportionate to... what exactly?
tell him you want to focus on the gender issues
because i said that its not OK for there to be a male majority
dump him, that's all there is to it. That's some really racist and sexist shit there and, quite frankly, I'm not sure it's productive to paste every bullshit thing your boyfriend says
he said its not OK for there to be an overrepresentation of jews in these fields when there's so little of them
but he sounds like a racist/conspiracy nut
'cuz you can't convince someone like that and it's not worth your time. Just leave.
  meowthhh  wut
him, whether it's true or not, that's a sweeping generalisation which is unfair, and is often used to promote antisemitic feelings. It really isn't necessary, and tbh unsure why he'd even be sending you stuff like that :/ Kind of nothing but racist/antisemitic assholery.
get certain jobs because they are qualified for them
have the talent to do it
as opposed to.. Christians?
If only that were true.
didnt say that applies all the time
sent me an image, does anyone want to see it?
alot of jobs are merit based
arent
of what?
please do not link it
Plenty of jobs take merit into account, but not in a vacuum.
is a load of bullshit, frankly
didnt say that it did
politicians and bankers that are jewish
there's really a lot. i wasn't aware, i thought he was making stuff up

and theres a tonne more white men
  +libbies  welp
Just sounded like it
funny, i thought you were just making assumptions from things i said in a certain way
least we weren't goatse'd or anything
Yup, and nobody is going "ZOMG it's the WASP corporate conspiracy" or anything
sorta expected an image like that at this point
Oh?
exactly
yes, getting more christians into banking. there's a worthy cause to spread awareness for.
more majority groups into banking~~~
are more evangelical christians that push for US-Israel relations than jews
compile lists of jews
  meowthhh  ....
compile lists of nazis
sing annoying protest songs at them 24/7
ain't compiling on a guddamn pentium 4
jsyk yar is pissed about these people and their lists
condoning it
i'm being highly sarcastic. sorry for the ambiguity.
just had family killed in the holocaust, so these things are just offensive to me
too
point is that "listing all the jews in banking" actually echoes nazi propaganda
agree with out
this channel's racial background is pretty widely varied
  meowthhh  you*
it echo or is it just tbh
feel like most people of color have
ding ding* understatement!
  +libbies  :3
guys new stereotype:
like apple pie
far all the women i've met love apple pie
A PROVEN CONCEPT
WOMEN LIKE APPLE PIE
  +GorillaWarfare what
deathly allergic to apples though
  Sanjajupu Damn
life must really suck
the juicy goodness of apples
it does, given how many other juices are actually apple-juices with added flavouring
  +GorillaWarfare ...
this farmers market near me and they have really nice fruit
they grow all their food in greenhouses
apples apparently are kinda awesome
wish i could have one
never been to quebec so I wouldn't know
do you guys think of the wage gap between men and women in porn?
as women make more than men
as default
  Sanjajupu what?
guys"
  +GorillaWarfare hm
can probably ban them
think they were just going to argue >.>;;;
  +libbies  ^
  +cirvinfox  sorry
  +libbies  sok
disclosure: i don't like the guy. i was a metafilter member when he tried to sockpuppet/astroturf the site, so i might have a bit of an ax to grind >.>;
that's amazing. fuck that guy.
  bekabug *sigh*
it when i'm working on something and the kid sneaks in and hits the power button on the computer
used to do that to my dad all the time :3
when he was playing age of empires
also tended to kick his butt whenever we played multiplayer
out frankish paladins are better than goth huskarls for some reason :3
  bekabug haha
hope you grew out of pushing the power button. if he's 12 and doing this i might send him to switzerland
just yanked the plug :3
time he was about to finish the last scenario of one of the campaigns cant remember which one
i think
  +Kaiserina  nope
  +Kaiserina  :3
dad would have murdered me. :|
got mad
i finished the scenario for him in less time
  +Kaiserina  :3
now i remember
just spammed a crapton of buffed mamelukes :3
never played AoE
was kind of a thing back when i graduated high school
only know the words huskarkl and mameluke because of mount and blade
a good game
even
pretty sure they spawn with a halberd
  +locas  idk
locas
cirvinfox
you need to know is that mamelukes whoop ass and huskarls don't
  +Kaiserina  :3
spawn on horses
was pretty bad at all the horse ones except the one where you are light armor with a bow
where I was expected to melee on a horse
chance
the opposite in that game actually :p
always charge in and whoop ass
could never figure out the hitboxes of my weapons or something
always miss
using a bow was a lot more straightforward
eatin an omelette and a quesadilla
breakfast of champions
breakfast of the whale
:p
often eat a nice healthy bowl of nothing
breakfast is so good though
usually i eat something
an egg puck
ice cream
whatever is easy to grab in the fridge
  +locas  what
an egg puck
glad you asked :D
a muffin tin, put 3 softened tater tots and smush them in the bottom of each cup
put them in the oven for 10 mins, then take them out and add veggies and spinach to each cup, cover with scrambled egg mix, and top with cheese
bake until the egg is cooked
pucks.
muffins~
a common keto thing, although without the tater tots
and then just microwave in the mornings for delicious breakfast
  +cirvinfox  keto?
carb
low carb diet
i should shut up now
  +cirvinfox  why?
yea, you should go to work
sounds like a breakfast
people who go to work
is.
actually sounds really good
and easy
its delicious
usually put onions and green peppers in with the spinach
gunna try jalepenos this week though
mini frittatas
  +cirvinfox  yea
had them for dinner too
gotta say I generally steer away from reheating eggs
  +cirvinfox  whysthat?
dunnl
  bekabug yay
split
my godddddddddddddddddess i hate it when i screw up and identify in a public channel. lol
thats the worst!
are you doing today cirvinfox
  +cirvinfox  im
sure how to answer the question other than a vacuous 'marginal'
ok.
i say that to mean i dont quite know how to put it in words, but i would like to be able to
  +cirvinfox  yourself?
can I recommend using SASL to identify with Freenode?
sure can
just need to learn what that is real quick haha
doing pretty well, cirvinfox
my SO brought me lunch. he's so good.
nice
The other devs keep making changes to the XML, without making an accompanying change to the XSD! And it falls on me to correct it every time.
  bekabug stomp.
anyone use a gamepad?
a pc
mouse and keyboard uber alles!
should, probably
actually
should j ust get an arcade stick for things that don't work well with keyboard
got several games that are really designed for a controller
like to play more stuff sitting in bed.
it's such a bother to get good parts and all that
from what ive seen, xbox360 controllers work well
long as you don't need to d-pad
play alot of 2d games so a good d-pad is a must
is also pretty bad
was looking at a logitech
always wire a SNES pad to your parallel port
  bekabug ...wires?
  bekabug -_^
is fine, again, if you don't really need the d-pad
very picky on d-pads lol
love the SNES controller.
yeap, did it back in the day to play a SNES emulator:p
just a shift register
used to think the snes controller was the best for 2d gaming
I got a saturn and life changed forever
i loved the GC controller too. i'm saving that system for my kid when he gets big enough to not destroy everything.
single wire asyncronous serial thing
it's pretty weird
the d-pad is rubbish lol
D pad was too mushy
you had to stretch too far to use it. but i like the other buttons. the way the trigger buttons were curved like a finger
i love holding it
I use a gamepad
got a 360 controller and a dualshock 3
ds3 is much better for dpad stuff
it was a pain to set up
plug and play at all
used some sort of xinput wrapper
  +SaturnMoriya y
far as I know there are no good options for a pc controller w a great dpad
just need a saturn controller in your life
m
dualshock is the best i've found
not good at typing today though
say certain generations of mad catz fighting pads have good dpads but they are expensive and annoying to find
had some...software...motion in joy or something to use my ps3 controller. it never worked AT ALL. i couldn't make it behave.
is garbage
it is.
doesn't use motionjoy at all afaik
it uses some of their drivers but you neverhave to run it? I can't remember, it was a long time ago when I set it up
thank you. this will save me some money maybe
love how the first step is "uninstall motioninjoy"
  bekabug lol
7 is....annoying but ok
you unplug it and plug it back in you won't have to, afaik
mean that's true for all things in windows 7, it's just that mostly they all install themselves
  bekabug right
the OS knows what modules to load for the particular device, it knows enough to do it
least modern ones
thank you locas
  +locas  np
just for some imagery
the dualshock 3 to work was a nightmare
this
cleaning out
the gunk and hair from the inside of the controller
  +locas  like
  +locas  ugh
gross
won't that mean i have several generations of cheeto dust in my controller? i'll have to go on ebay or something too. ew.
import everything from japan and it's generally well taken care of
damage I get is from import duders breaking shit
then charging me
hate irc sometimes
whats up?
  +GorillaWarfare Why?
people mistake being pedantic for being insightful or helpful. add horrible social skills, an inflated sense of importance, or just plain rudness onto that and my blood pressure goes CRAZY.
yeah :/
happened?
  bekabug sec
I get that too
this person commanded i "answer the question" ....
  +GorillaWarfare "jerkface"
i being obtuse? i mean...i figure if someone is in a channel and watching ...then willing to respond...they could at least click the link
here is where a pedantic grammar policeperson would say "It's not actually ellipses since you're not omitting words. Lern 2 english, plebian."
they shoulda RTFL
linking to that 'smart questions' thing is a good sign they're kind of a dick.
too busy to help with your problem but somehow not too busy to waste your time by being a dick"
at least they got a chuckle out of it! right!? that's what i'm here for.
should ask smart questions so we can help you with your problem. however i am incapable of articulating which part of your problem needs clarifying. it's just not smart enough. be more smart."
  bekabug xD
like how he was all "it doesn't even work that way. you don't make sense," at first
guess he was embarrassed that he didn't know something. so he had to make up for it by trying to belittle me. poor puppy.
can't admit that he misunderstood something, got to make it your fault.
either
my gosh... focusing ;-;
far it's been like this
up file to work on. remember to pay power bill. 4 hours later...oh wait what was i doing?
go to work, check email, check irc, open DB software, go to bathroom
a snack
to coworker
lunch
shit i was supposed to update that BOM in the DB sofwtwer
life
up for a discussion?
what?
of course
to be the topic du jour
  SuperSaen Yeah
want to discuss an issue?
just feminism in general
of people hear the ford feminist and are immediately put off
want to debate the finer points of feminism?
want to actually find out what is about, rather than people just saying "crazy women"
just feminisn in general
know the concept of it
see if i can do this...
SuperSaen
radical idea that men and women should have equal opportunities and rights
the bot only listens to ops?
about it.
men and women are equal in todays society
keep away from basic stuff in this channel
the thought that "But men and women are equal in todays society" is exactly why feminism exists. Because they aren't.
not really true SuperSaen
when lookong at wage, if education is factored in, men and women earn the same pay
not either
  +Kaiserina  nope
factoring in with external factors there's still a very pronounceable wage gap
you should probably question why work traditionally done by women is devalued in our society
then, the wage gap isn't the only challenge women face
what else?
for example, incidence of rape
get raped to tho
rates of sexual assault, spousal abuse
as much as women
availability of healthcare
always a two way street
rights
fuck off
that didn't take long at all
  +GorillaWarfare -.-
  +epi  lo
  +epi  l
epi
I was afk haha
GorillaWarfare
fucking shit men get raped too, but in smaller numbers than women jesus christ <_<
what about the menzzz
mens.
There's also the factor that rape is institutionally used as a means of controlling women in society. Comparing rape against men with rape against women is like comparing random acts of violence with organized terrorism.
though I just glossed over anti-gay hazing rape which is absolutely /also/ terrorism
for some reason these MRAs never talk about hazing rape against queer men :1
straight men rights are important you see
they never talk about gay mens rights.. that would reinforce the claim that they're not for men, just against women
cis and white
  +kirjatoukka  etc
dont care about men they care about being reactionaries
as if they're maintaining the status quo. :O
they probably still think homosexuality is a disease
are afraid women will laugh at them. women are afraid men will kill them."
someone talked to me today being VERY convinced it is in fact a disease
know what SaturnMoriya, im gonna steal that line next time people ask why feminism is a thing
unnatural and no it's not harmful at all I just don't like the gays they have sex in public"
okay for straight people to have sex in public though lol
westerners are going way too far with tolerance"
parasite or bacteria gets in their brains and makes them gay. i saw it on an episode of house.
thank you ex-friend
don't want you in my space anymore
forget who I was quoting with that first quote but yeah it's accurate as hell
yea, cause heterosexual men love seeing things that they find seuxally useful
are the reasons meninism and feminism exist
feminism exists for more
it's about the comparison
exists cuz cry babies lol
is all this public gay sex happening?
  bekabug restrooms?
right outside your field of vision, at all times.
its in ~public~
need to turn my head more often
when you blink while waiting at the DMV? gay sex!
search behind large trees.
rhymes with pubic GAY ILLUMINATI CONFIRMED
xD bwahaha
  +Euryale  *gasp*
crazy.
I just need some confirmation that my friend is a jerk and I'm not crazy
def a jerk
glitched because windows 8 is dumb
need to learn to let go of friends when they're clearly scuum
they aren't even making sense
just a vague reactionary rant
  +SaturnMoriya uhu
what do I say lol
THEM GAYS LICKING EACH OTHER IN THE STREETS
EPIDEMIC
forever you asshole
want to make them feel how destructive they are
require her to think
am i expected to go and lick people on the streets now ?:<
  ReginaLaqueus True
things that don't directly affect her
"haha go fuck yourself" is a good alternative
worth it
tell him to fuck off and move on
I'm do that
of the times people don't really change their opinions with arguments
a massive issue
being bi, who do I lick in the street? I'm really fonfused
  ReginaLaqueus *confused
lick everyone
  +Kaiserina  ofc
No, but we expect you to wear a dress and heels and makeup and stuff while refusing to be invisible to straight couple's kids.
always go into an argument keeping in mind the 50% chance of being wrong
not what's the point
argue to learn
mean I try to make people understand things but that's usually in vain
:<
I've done enough of that hurting myself
dont wanna do that..
really
people argue for domination pleasure points from what i've seen
well that's faulty
are people ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
that
is scary and hard.
wait till you turn 50
D:
start metamorphising into a magic wizard
when you're 60 you're officially ready to take dumbledore's place
sound so bad
may also get your complimentory wizard white beard if you so desire
tsk.
don't like rayl?
was wondering about that
remember me
  +locas  yep
  ReginaLaqueus Hahaha
  +cirvinfox  boom.
ReginaLaqueus, the way bans work here is that they're on a rotation, otherwise the ban list would be too big
is banned, but eventually the ban for that user falls off
every time they reconnect, they get rebanned
  +locas  automatically
  ReginaLaqueus Interesting
it
  +locas  yep[
that's a persistent little troll
  bekabug lol
you not ban me immediatly? This is oppresion
just wanna talk
  +locas  THIS
  +locas  IS
  +locas  OPPRESSIONNNN
  ReginaLaqueus Hahaha
  bekabug raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
isn't letting me talk where i want to about what i want to i'm being oppressed.
one even told me what i did wrong, which is against the rules btw...
waht rules?
FREE SPEECH rules
know
peaches
are breaking ur own rules to opress me, What a joke
ones that apply to public spaces and forbid the federal government from persecuting people for differing political views?
automatron
LIKES RABBITS
  ReginaLaqueus Meee
let us not, your humble followers, be the subject of your ire
did i say that made you ban me. Im not trolling, i just know my way around
only want answers
@ dressing up in nick drag
wrote a thing about why rape against men is /not comparable/ to rape against women
april 6 already
/why/ bringing up rape against men is nothing more than a derailing tactic
  +SaturnMoriya OH
needed a thing like that
you~
this how all feminists behave? Now im starting to get why people say the things they do. Im just wanting an open and fair discusion.
SaturnMoriya :>
  +bekabug  :D
my god, that is the best!
  +bekabug  <3
by "how all feminists behave" means "banning from the channel if your attitude is agressively harmful" then yes. You're not entitled to our neverending patience in explaining what we stand for. Do your research. I think I'll end it there.
this person doesn't know what +m means
  +bekabug  bless.
  +SaturnMoriya lol
why someone thinks that they are entitled to speak in a private space
least they read it
monday rides again. fly high, beautiful flag.
yeah!
my gosh, I like that
though we're voicing men, now
answers.
AWAAAAAY
like the toying with the 'misandry = hating rational thinkers' trope these assholes have
that's ok. i'm sure they can get on board with not liking these trolls if they've got voice in here.
little fucker
least read the links in the /topic if you're actually interested in learning
interested in learning at us
learning us a dumb?
  +bekabug  hehehe
is going to run out of IPs soon. hopefully.
I just wanted to learn, and was kicked out of a place, I just wouldn't go back...
that
have the right to harass anyone i want. why are you oppressing me.
maybe they just confuse woman power with white power and think it's the same?
rabbits though
rabbits.
cute and cuddly and fluffy and nice
found a phone case i need. hang on. i need to find it.
admire the persistence if nothing else
this channel is the ONLY way to become a feminist
does it have a fox on it?
it be possible to ban kiwiirc for a while? Might quiet them down
they're effectively DoSing the channel
  +SaturnMoriya uwaaaaaaaaaaaa
need an iphone now
that I can use that case
adorable
know how obvious you are right, OliviaN
<3
god... BABY otter ;-;
  +cirvinfox  otterrrr
are the feminists of the ocean <3
  +ReginaLaqueus  Awwwww
  +bekabug  aww
is so adorable
can't
know!
MIL lives in Monterey
MIL?
in law
  +Euryale  ooooh!
ever let a doctor's office fax your medical records.
fax number is a single digit different from a DSS office in a county in LA
get piles and piles of wrong number faxes containing all kinds of very very personal information that i then have to shred. some people out there would not be as nice as me.
my goooood
the feeeels :<
met mommy yet!
wish i could hide in the fake kelp
too :>
gentle, carl! good god.
shit that is so sweet. i am crying.
know <3
must be the best job. rescuing baby otters from the bay. SIGN ME UP.
know!
  +Euryale  otter!
Liebknecht, but you weren't voiced
:>
that happen :(
dunno!
Kinda unrelated to feminism, but
Victory for labor :)
:)
you supposed to have voice automatically?
noticed that sometimes there's problems w/rt authentication with nickserv
guess my client authenticated after I was in the channel
guess so
anyway, if I was female I would have gone with Luxemburg as my username ;)
  +Euryale  oooooh!
that's no problem
let us recruit you into the trans hivemind
you can change your nick
also get access to a variety of level 1 and 2 spells
spells? we get spells?
wasnt i told of this!?
  +bekabug  spells?
i konw why, nvm
Yes! They mostly involve mind control!
some of them are alignment restricted
but I have claws because I'm chaotic good :>
figured.
and a lethal stare
a /really/ loud voice
my raspberry pi 2 finally shipped
to dump another $120 on networking equip for my mesh node :/
gonna go broke
want a raspi!
got one.. but never figured out what to do with it
want to turn one into a media server and like... install it into my stereo so I can beam music from my computer
have they gotten IIS hardware working on it?
I'm not sure. I just need its soundcard though
I've heard the soundcard on it sucks so...
linux <3
  +Liebknecht Oh
have an overkill soundcard on my computer lol
might go BBB and just use a USB soundcard
sound on the raspi is atrocious
I don't even use to its capability :/
if you use the HDMI out it should be fine
USB soundcard it is, then ;)
  +cirvinfox  eeeh
need to get a stereo system, otherwise the optical out on my mobo is going to waste :P
on raspi is kinda shit too
hdmi or I2S
does ethernet still piggyback off of USB?
in the 2 versions, i dunno
have second rev B
  +Liebknecht ah
look it up but CBA atm
so I bought an evo sd card, a rasp pi 2, an ethernet patch cable, power supply, and custom glass case with fan for my mesh node :P
that's left is a trip to Harbor Freight Tools to by a flag pole and modify it to hold the omnitik
yes, I forgot the omnitik
it
xD
spell!
  +cirvinfox  cool
don't suppose any of you know how to force youtube to show a video wider. i am tired of this tiny window
the width of the browser or something. not full screen.
a thing you can click to make it wider
does it look like?
  +bekabug  HAH
mode. thank you nuit
right to the left of the full screen one
  +nuit yeah
mode isn't really full browser though, sadly
it's better than that tiny window though.
resolution is 2560x1600 so it was tineh in normal mode
  +LambdaSix  *nod*
watching Jerry Holkins and Mike Krahulik on this episode of table top. wow. for some reason ... i did not expect them to be so nerdy.
normally just listen to music via youtube
much for watching video, except the occasionall jim sterling a friend links me to
watch a lot of video on youtube.
yeah they're huge goddamn nerds
really dislike penny arcade but I kind of like jerry holkins
dork level of nerddom
I just got called a lesbian for being a feminist :D
wish I could like Penny Arcade but I just can't get past the chronic use of the R-word
  +Liebknecht Mhm
not really much to like tbh
lol
congratulations, you can date me now ;)
used to enjoy violent video games
I can only play Euro Truck Simulator
the R word?
  +AtlasProject rimjob
  +bekabug  ew
just made that up though i've never heard of "the R word"
oh
  +epi  rape.
arcade makes a lot of rape jokes
  +bekabug  ahhok
they think people being offended is their fault for being offended
Given P.A I'd assumed a slur for learning disabilities. >_>
too
too
not good people
they suck.
  +LambdaSix  *nod*
nerds are some of the most meanspirited, shitful human beings when they think they're funny
that to
  +epi  too*
never heard of penny arcade before
bekabug, epi: Actually, I was referring to 're*ard'
yes, the rape jokes are horrific as well
the problem with nerds of any sort is that they tend to feel themselves more intelligent and rational than 'average people' and thus think that their rationality allows them to bypass 'normal' prejudices.
nerds
bigotries, therefore, stop being hatreds and start becoming 'rational' extensions of the state of the world
I've never considered video game nerds to be particularly clever, as a group :1
or imaginative
or creative
boy, do they think they are some hot shit!
weird
guess i don't know too many gamers
think this is a bit of an overgeneralization though
  +locas  lol
do you
a minute ago you said you don't know many gamers though
it's a generalization, and most generalizations of people are overgeneralizations
don't
just assume that it's an overgeneralization
you just really felt the need to let us know that we're wrong about something just because, well, we are
MUST be
we've identified a very, very visibile trend
made a generalization
lol, but that doesn't change the fact that gamer culture is extremely toxic
amazing how little critical thought I put into what I did in the past.
nice!
culture is awful
so it was an overgeneralization, you just felt the need to tell me i'm wrong :P
no, in my experience it's true, not an "overgeneralization"
was in #videogames for a few minutes and the C word in relation to anita sarkeesian was used
oh, well, like i said i don't really know too many gamers so i'll take your word for it
don't have to take my word for it
look anywhere on the internet
you'll see the toxicity
where
for starter
chat in any online videogame ever, for one
  +Liebknecht ^
I'm part of a gaming community. I can't have an intelligent discussion about any social issue.
  +Liebknecht Any.
  +locas  lol
mean within the context of that community?
never used twitter or even seen it tbh, and i haven't played online video games in over 10 years so i really don't knwo
within any gaming community.
  +Liebknecht lol
  +locas  yeah
true
ridiculous
their spaces are unfriendly. i went to a game shop...like a tabletop game shop...and it was so uncomforable
shop owner was really nice but all the dude bros were weird. and none of them would talk to me...they'd address my partner (the games were for me)
I've had similar weird experiences in game shops

in like local game groups even
why wouldn't they talk to you
of my worst misgendering experiences
  +AtlasProject misgendering?
never heard this term before
does that mean exactly
went in there looking for 2 specific games. they didn't have either in stock. the other customers in there (all guys) went up to my partner, who had been silent the whole time, and were like "Hey man, I think they have that over at XYZ shop across town."
stop worrying about society, just play a game and relax!" like, ugh, some of the most apathetic people I've met are gamers lol
mhm
my god
  +epi  ok
  +Liebknecht interesting
99% sure if he wasn't there they would not have said a word
when someone imposes a gender that is inappropriate for you on you coercively
it's an extremely common problem. There are whole threads on boardgamegeek about game store ppl straight up blanking women
misgendering is someone referring to you with the wrong pronouns
the gamer bro out. his bossy girlfriend is talking too much
a woman 'he', for example
  +AtlasProject oohhh
... typically a transgender person
boardgamegeek is shit, don't go there
personally introverted. I used to have issues talking to same gender and opposite gender. Always used to find opposite gender a bit more difficult. Meh, not anymore.
it's not that bad if you only use it for certain things
for instance it's the only place to pbf a lot of games
  +Liebknecht Mhm
the culture is pretty shit in a lot of places
  +Liebknecht pbf?
by forum
by forum
  +Liebknecht Oh
my partner who is sort of oblivious to the world...i asked him to watch the tropes videos with me and he was like... "Wait. You've been harrassed online? During games?" Uh.. Yes. Duh. Sorry honey. "You should stop playing them if they're not welcoming. That's not a good scene at all."
ohh, they wouldn't talk to you because you're female? i find this very strange
you just missed the point
don't find that very strange at all :P
dude oblivious to the world of harrassment
WOULDA THUNK :P
probably not because i'm female but more likely because they thought they were for him so they spoke to him
girlgamers don't exist
oh, yea, that's one stereotype i have heard about
hey enchilado! long time no see!
need to go eat dinner now.
cya :)
bekabug!
you don't?
enchilado
enchilado, you weren't voiced
you are
locas :)
oh wait, i didn't mean weird as in uncommon i meant weird as in "why would somebody act that way"
frustratingly incredulous AtlasProject
they don't view women as people with human agency and instead objectify us as sexual objects?
know what, it's Monday
well, I'm afraid of embarrassing myself in front of women - I deeply respect women, like, I wouldn't want to embarrass myself in front of the President. Same thing with women.
should have wayyy less respect for the president
  +cirvinfox  hah
dont think i can call myself a gamer
think I embarrassed myself with the stupid President comment!
we doing mondays again?
really
  +libbies  oh
do mondays work?
it's not monday
I mean it is, but
is?
we used to have a thing where only non-dudes could talk on monday
Tuesday morning over here. :)
Tuesday!
we still reserve the right to make the channel non-dudes talking only
Monday here for 8 minutes (UTC+1)
right now it's just regular ol' +m
ah, because of the siege earlier
some accutely targeted misandry
stopped doing Misandry Monday 'cuz it turns out that having guys talking was good for general discourse but...
been toying with the idea of reinstating MM only instead of banning guys from talking at all, we just make them have to ask for voice instead of just being automatically granted it ;)
sounds like a great concept :o
of days work like that anyway
  +Carlexi  lol
doesn't stifle conversation but it /would/ subtly enforce a 'you are a guest in this space' message
like it
in society, it's usually the other way around. So turn the table around on men! ;)
fives*
  +Euryale  n-n
  +Liebknecht Wat
I have a topic I've been itching to bring up: If a women is clearly being discriminated against by her employer, as in, paid less than the male counterpart for the exact same work, can the NLRA bring a suit against the employer for discrimination?
not /actually/ sure
they wiggle out of it claiming it's based on performance or seniority or something?
oh, does that mean you didn't see my hi? :(
of the problems with making a fuss when you're not being paid equally is that being paid 75c on the dollar is still better than being paid /nothing/ which is what's going to happen if you speak up.
I'm an op. I see everything ;)
but, seeing as employees have a right to discuss wages with eachother, if women in general in the company are being paid less, a suit could be credible...right?
concerted actions are protected
right--I wasn't sure if you needed to be +o or not
right vs whether people actually will
as a minority I know these 'protections' don't mean jack shit when your employment is at-will.
still a HUGE taboo
are you referring to discussing wages?
  +ReginaLaqueus  Yes
I spent hours the other day explaining to workers that it's fine to discuss wages
to cite NLRA cases lol
think everyone knows it's legal, it's just still a big taboo
mhm, yep
so, the key is to modify at-will provisions
think at-will employment is fundamentally incompatible with civil rights
on so many levels
  +Liebknecht Yep
just for white cishet males but /especially/ for minorities
it, along with Taft Hartley while we're at it ;)
yep
welcome back
thanks :)
/how you get a job/ should be addressed
a disabled trans woman I find it extremely difficult to find a job and... well
on to that a spotty employment record that's due to discrimination and...
yeah
like, you havent had a job for n, so why should we hire you now?
something I ask interviewees is "so, you didn't have a job between X/XX and X/XX, what were you doing during that period?"
what kind of responses will err validates that period
exactly! it legitimizes and institutionalizes the discrimination against me.
curious now
yea, i got the "What were you doing" for a period.. figured i had a good answer even if it was bullshitty
rather not say what I'm doing :PP
just trying to organize workers - while unemployed"
from the perspective of an employer, what does that question tell you?
make up something :P
how I don't get a job
  +Liebknecht lol
was lucky, i could say i worked on personal projects in that time
what I like to hear!
that works?
the most frustrating thing is there are lots of /non/ entry-level jobs that I can do without problem and without my disability getting in the way of but... because my disability makes me highly undesirable for entry-level employment...
for engineers it seems so
that's basically the answer I look for. that people were studying or researching independently, yeah.
always ask what open source things people have contributed to and what projects they've done in their spare time.
working on a project to deploy mesh nodes"
thanks
that's awesome
I need to do more on github
should probably start with contributing a bit to the freenode-feminism github :P
SO few software engineering graduates around here these days.
where's here?
CS major here, well, I start in the fall :D
that i'm a graduate of anything)
:M
  +cirvinfox  :<
Brisbane, Australia.
im kinda surprised that software engineers are scarce, i figured they would be as common in Brisbane as they are anywhere else, but i don't know much about Brisbane
also, why are only college graduates under consideration?
not a college grad :P
am, coworker isnt, she's way smarter than me though
I don't hold that against people
being fair there's not much work for them in bris afaick
  +epi  afaict*
Yeah, that's part of the issue.
queensland's shit in general
employment, specifically
We like running interns through part time, then hiring them when they graduate!
why only graduates though?
why male models?
>.>
lol is that a reference to something?
  +ReginaLaqueus  Yeah
from Zoolander
are you sure you guys hire them after? :P
or just exploit the free/reduced labor
  +AtlasProject :o
want pay! Eventually...!"
Yes, we hire most of them.
if they graduate though?
something of a catch-22 I guess? I usually look for specific skills in candidates, which can only really be acquired on the job or from school
Yup.
like this system of hiring is inherently discriminatory against those who can't afford college
I got luckily myself, since I started working in the dot com days, where lots of people were hiring anyone with any computer proficiency at all
  +libbies\bbl  s/computer/linux/
same here, i'm not a college graduate but i've found work in a niche software-dev field
of things are classist :P
mean we have to keep them that way :P
  +AtlasProject brb
I think we need to make college free
start with community college for everyone :D
there's a big issue with exploitive for-profit colleges
Univ. of Phoenix and make it into one big free community college ;)
I should probably clarify that I'm in the US
lol ill get back to you on that in just a lil bit
The way college works over here, pretty much anyone can get in from what I can tell.
students here often go into crippling debt to go to college
is no longer accessible
i see. in the US i see university as mostly a means of class discrimination
have been rising astronomically
yep
I can't even believe how Unis are considered non profits
exploit their basketball team
don't even get me started on that haha
other competitive players
outrageous tuition
executives get a nice big fat check
- it's even more ridiculous for grad students
you're doing research work for the uni, AND still having to pay tuition?
sorry I'm in full on rage mode xD
that's cool, i have to block it out of my mind not to do the same lol
I'm not even gonna get started on other issues like how they treat with crimes on campus :/
they handle crimes*
blocking... mechanism.. failing...*
supposed to be leaving, so i better do that before i talk about this for the next 2 hours
  +AtlasProject :D
have a good day :D
  +Liebknecht Byeee
back in a bit :D
poor kid and his SCREAMING
put him down for a nap at like 5:30 and i woke him up to eat and he's been yelling nonstop ever since
heard you should never wake a sleeping baby. i know why now. -_-;
this is why I enjoy being an only child :P
glad I'm not an only child.
ok
my son
might be an only...not sure
hope screaming isn't genetic.
  +bekabug  >.>
if it is..doesn't mean all the children will inherit the same genes :P
your logic there though...what does being an only child have to do with it
I can study in silence :P
negatives though
loneliness and introvertedness
don't know why he put the boy down for a nap at 5:30. makes no sense. should have kept him awake until 7 and then he'd sleep the sleep of the just
have this friend who is militantly anti-singleton
was an only child and she lets errbody know how much she hated her childhood
liked my childhood tbh.
spent most of my time with adults
was really lonely and didn't have any friends. she's still kind of socially weird but i don't think siblings would have helped that.
coming from a poor background, I was able to develop my vocabulary
  +Liebknecht Oh
  +Liebknecht Yep
socially weird is an issue I have too
siblings would help with that?
there would be more social interactions with children of similar age
have 2 brothers and i was all those things
still kind of weird
  +bekabug  heh
like, an INFJ
too. they say it's the rarest type but i know so many so either the test is flawed bullshit or there's a lot of us
test is definitely flawed and bullshit
wait no intj that's me
i know a lot of us infj/intj people
like astrology lol there's only NINE types of people in the world.
12
is it!?
siblings do not fix social issues
keep my feelings bottled up inside
they come bursting out
the form of protest or political speech and long rants
  +Liebknecht lol
yell. i'm kind of mean. i feel sorry for my SO
was practically brought up by a single mother, even though my mom is married lol
today is his birthday and i've been in a horrible mood all day because there's things irritating me
dad's either a) working b) getting drunk or c) getting drunk
well that's not good
I relate more with her
am grody. i need a shower.
miss my sister
just received
you are a girl and girls can wear anything ... Even men's clothes ... And we can't dress like women and still look good. ... Its so unfair
TEARS
them this
all seriousness, I think I want to find some way to hit him with a clue-by-four, without starting a huge debate
  +Kaiserina  hmm
always tell him about "fish" crossdressers ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
a warm up
all in your head Mr Tweedy."
you want to be serious
you get tired of being serious tho
send him the image i linked
just said it was complete BS, and asked him not to make such fallacious claims ... if he gets arsey, I've got a nice warm banhammer within reach :P
next month's Dr Sketchy's theme is cross dressing, so I'll probably be in a dress. :)
Sketchy?
  +amelia_  ^
Life Drawing!
  +Euryale  oh
Tell him that while maybe he can't wear a dress, YOU are expected to police your appearance so as to be sexually appealing at all times and if you do not you can and /will/ be sexually harassed until you comply
  +amelia_  Exactly.
hot dayumn
just dump /that/ on him, too
'cuz... fuck it. hit him with both barrels :>
all the cannons
I dunno where you work, but I never want to work in a place where that's not safe for work ;)
  +ReginaLaqueus  Haha
  +ReginaLaqueus  Touche
pretty sure I could open that where I work actually, but not everyone can :P
  +GorillaWarfare mmm
  +amelia_  Heh
  +Kaiserina  would
  +Kaiserina  :x
  +cirvinfox  woah
things you see in this channel...
guess i can forgive them for using trans* cause woah
to be a jerk, but could you please explain to me why trans* is incorrect? I know someone told me that at some point but I don't remember why it is
trans already includes any situation where gender doenst match sex
trans* implies youre including people that are already included
  +ReginaLaqueus  Ah
removed the asterisc a long time ago
  +ReginaLaqueus  Okay
you!
like saying people*
still sometimes use it but I'm trying to retrain my fingers not to
  +cirvinfox  :>
wait!
think it's also because I'm a programmer so adding a wildcard comes naturally :P
actually to define the conditions of the trans contract
  +ReginaLaqueus  heh
do make sense
also try to balance things between not requiring people to educate me, while still asking questions of people who would know more and/or have direct experience
trans* would probably be like transgender transexual transmission translate transform etc...
true
  +cirvinfox  transistor
  +cirvinfox  transconductance
now I see the word "transmission" and think of a trans Mission Impossible or something
  +cirvinfox  haha
i like questions!
  +ReginaLaqueus  :)
else do you gain knowlege?
guess reading
I'm mostly referring to how the channel rules state "it isn't our place to educate you" and I see that a lot in various safe spaces
true
that's primarily what I'm referring to overall
i speak for mysellf
gain knowledge you have to praise the dark lord satan
can ask _me_ questions caus ei like em
I've found that overall that mostly refers to people that want to be "educated" in a "prove me wrong" way so yeah
that's how I am when it comes to poly stuff. I don't mind being a human FAQ for that, haha
if you ask an honest question and want to listen, thats awesome
  +cirvinfox  poly?
the "How does that WORK?" does get exhausting eventually
  +ReginaLaqueus  Polyamorous
gotcha
I'm polyamorous
personally get tired of people JAQing with me
jaq?
"just asking questions" ?
maybe its just the people i come accross that are shite but they never want to hear
asking questions
  +Kaiserina  yes
its like im up for a discussion, im not interested in lecturing to a wall
  +ReginaLaqueus  Yeah
i have many 'poly' friends, i should ahve known that :p
if the "question" is "What made you such a slut" or "So, your husband can't satisfy you?" then I'm not really up for that 'answer'
thats super judgemental
no worries
that scenario the appropriate answer is "eat shit and die"
those are usually OKCupid creepy PMs
have fun playing with my food there

is creepy
ya ain't seen nothin yet
have albums full of creepy messages
dont want to see -.-
ok
was responding to Kaiserina
find them funny because they never really know how to deal with me getting all up in their face
  +Kaiserina  hehe
THAt i wouldnt mind seeing
try to type out his URLs, they're dick pics
  +Kaiserina  bahahahahahahaha
#rekt
KITTEN
thank you so much for that lol
are quite welcome :P
kitteeh
bad
said, I met my husband and some other awesome partners there
on if you can handle the grind of messages like those ^
impression i get from dating sites and apps and shit like that is that they're sometimes fun, a lot of times dung
this is insane
said ill probably get on that action some months in the future when im ready to consider dating <_<
those are just the highlights (or lowlights) cirvinfox
been on OKC twoish years - one year break in the middle
humans
hahaha
this is an amusing read
live to entertain
I finally got, "I didn't want to make this a social issue ... I was just being silly"
I love how you ended "Hey there, sassy"
that the one I sent to the Christian Grey wannabe?
ye
  +ReginaLaqueus  yep
one where you hooked him up with the other creeper :>
my god >.>
one of my personal favorites
  +GorillaWarfare hahahah
the self confidence is inspiring
  +ReginaLaqueus  Haha
  +ReginaLaqueus  Thanks
you get it? :P
the living embodiment of "fake it til you make it"
up in a fundamentalist Christian cult where my personality was beaten out of me, got out, ended up a fabulous badass
because I pretended I was a fabulous badass starting a couple years ago
fascinating
i shold try some of this 'faking' and 'making'
people seem to treat me how I present myself
the exception of assholes
rarely get the shit in the messages above, in person, and I think part of the difference is they wouldn't really look me in the eye
and no one messes with a blue-haired chick
  +cirvinfox  nice
"hi there" thread is.. baffling
your imgur album
that was the first one, he was particularly weird
loved the 50 shades punchline!
:)
had it in my head as soon as he said "main character in 50 shades" without specifying
hair
  +ReginaLaqueus  Thanks
feels more natural than any other color, heh
idea what color i'd want
orange
  +cirvinfox  yes
shades of puce
shades is just... the worst of rape culture :1
haven't read it (or seen the movie) myself, but yeah, I've read some terrible things that don't make me terribly keen on doing so
heard it from this room that its the worst of rape culture and that others arrent too keen on it
like it for one reason alone - it highlights the abusers and newbies in BDSM
than i picked up my mother's kindle a few years ago and that was in the library screen
  +ReginaLaqueus  heh
was at a .. not so open time of my life so super freaking akward
bet
read the first book, made it partway through the second
slow because I put it down every 2.34 sentences to rant
  +cirvinfox  heh
book i read was dracula
i never finished the final chapter :p
book I read was "Mothers Who Can't Love"
I have issues
  +ReginaLaqueus  >.>
sounds like a sad book
a book for women who were raised by narcissistic mothers. Nonfiction/self-help shit
  +cirvinfox  gotcha
and Gift of Fear
I'm pretty jealous of your hair, btw
was good to re-read after 50 Shades
GorillaWarfare
can be easy to dismiss statements like this, but believe me when I say I had such rock-bottom self-confidence
was emotionally and physically beaten out of me as a kid and young adult
ran away 5 years ago and through therapy and hard work here I am
Lesbians Have Sex According to Straight men “They do not put flesh to flesh in the sense of the genital organ of one within the body of the other, since nature precludes this, but they do transform the use of the member in question into an unnatural one, in that they are reported to use certain instruments of diabolical operation to excite desire.”
of Reims, 9th century
  +ReginaLaqueus  lols
bang coffin against coffin” and “they don’t bother with a pestle in their mortar” and “they play the game of thigh-fencing.”
de Fougères in Livres des manières, 12th century
OF DIABOLICAL OPERATION
what I'm calling my vibrators, henceforth
  +cirvinfox  HAH
shit that's amazing
now my apartment complex is awake from the sound of my cackling
dress up a foster-sister or girlfriend or servant girl like a man and relieve their desire with dildos or with bulbs, roots, or fruits that have that form.”
Sutra, 2nd century
mind if I steal the quote?
  +zetkin sure
im happy that you've gotten yourself up to where you are :)
not mine originally
know
thanks :) What I also meant was, you kahn do eet!
image] adorned the alter in the hall where everything was calculated to make sense and fantasy reel. The orgies opened with flagellation and ended in the most shameful of sexual perversions. Deep hatred against men was the first principle.”
in Flagellation and the Jesuit Confessional, 1834
  +zetkin LOL
ive actually gotten quite a bit better lately, i blame euryale and locas
:)
nothing can compete with instruments of diabolical operation
true
flagellation is pretty hawt
helps too
  +libbies\zzz  lies
obviously lesbian sex involves deep hatred against men
all
libbies\zzz
reminds me of that quote
what, yours doesn't?
hm?
joke :P
Pat Robertson said it
feel like that came up in here before
Robertson. lol. He's the joke here
hilarious how so many men take sex not involving men as some sort of personal affront
yeah a partner I had a while back wanted to get that quote on a shirt
tantrums~~~
assume that male/female roles have to exist. whyyyy?
sign is so not true.
don't want to kill my children
sign is abusrd
the other things all sound delightful
  +LadyCailin lol
  +cirvinfox  hah
just the killing children thing
pehraps its conservative parlance for abortion?
MEN WERE RIGHT
THE FEMINIST AGENDA AT WORK~~
  +LadyCailin ooh
ok, the sign is spot on then
This sounds like a wonderful idea. Let us implement the husband leaving and lesbian becoming at once!
  +amelia_  :P
the communism
no Keilana
too bad, I really like her
too <3
  +LadyCailin lol
  +LadyCailin lol
  +Euryale  wait...
terrorizes children with White House bees, accuses them of overreacting."
  +amelia_  :P
terrorises children with White House bombs, accuses them of being terrorists
that's real life
terrorizes white house with children bombs. turns out to be bees"
my god this button thing on reddit is killing me
have no patience
  +GorillaWarfare hahaha
I used to date in high school just posted on Facebook:
needed on Trevor Noah's anti-atheist bigotry"
far as his oppressive tweets went, I can't say it was the "anti-atheist" ones that were most concerning
how did Noah get the job :/
he posted an article
I can't even tell if he's being serious with these tweets
seemed like an interesting concern to single out--next to the sexism, antisemitism, etc. "antiatheism" seems a bit minor
aren't really offensive. More like pure idiocy or satirical. Maybe I'm overestimating his intelligence. Perhaps it is idiocy.
atheism tweets that is)
I derail this conversation really quickly... I could really use a really high-quality list of relationship 'red flags' right now. Specifically aimed towards emotional abuse/denial-of-love.
please go for it
by which I mean a list of 'red flags' that you can personally recommend
see... insisting that you not spend time with friends/family/people they don't 'approve of'
probably because the anti-atheist affects him and obviously sexism dont' real
^
paranoid that you're cheating
you to 'check in' so they always know your location/who you're with/etc., gets angry/paranoid/otherwise upset if you don't
of abuse, obviously
you down, gaslights you
  +GorillaWarfare Oof
easier on the eyes:
I'm bookmarking that myself
  +Liebknecht thx
checking your phone without your permission is a big one
if you ever mysteriously unfriend someone without remember doing so on facebook
oooh, tht's a good one re facebook
Ah yeah, both good
demanding to know what you're talking to your friends about
demanding to have access to any of your social media accounts
happened to some people)
yeah and maintaining exclusive control over finances
demanding joint accounts
mom's ex did that to her
he would manipulate the spreadsheets to make them seem like they had less money than they did
he could spend it
of buying basic things like groceries
made like 6 figures
was broke
my dad (err, he's seeking mental help now..) used to be quite paranoid at my mother. Worried about cheating, etc.
the irony..
person cheating, himself.
tried to exhibit excessive control
I'd say control and paranoia are the big ones to watch out for, at least from personal experience
and demanding access to your email
if they let you have access to theirs
the email the 'give you access to' isn't their only email ;)
  +zetkin yeah
yeah, so easy to conceal things
  +Liebknecht Oh!
my dad (when he was cheating on my mother) would put a password lock on his phone, and, well, to divert attention away from that fact, would snoop on my mother's phone
:/
  +void|work  :|
time to sleep
is power! Stay empowered :)
make that my exit message.
I escaped from my abuser I practically degaussed their harddrive because I learned that they were blackmailing their ex with nude pictures
kid can't leave their stoop
is a weird word)
stoop is not voiced but they agree ;)
  +epi  lol
you can talk now
channel is off 'moderate' mode
those are voices. They're either men who are active and temporarily voiced or women who are regulars here.
op is a @, rather than a +
my hat is an op hat
it's not an op hat :p
i see
  Styyx7  hello
  +yeoz hihi
  Styyx7  :)
  Styyx7  i
  +yeoz u
insatiably curious
automatron!
fucking love this song!!!!
pianist's who also love this song?
all feminists. I am a man. Since you’re not aware of it I have to inform you that feminists like you are complete idiots and a disgrace to normal women. We’d better put all of you to death, that would be the best for you, and society.
  +yeoz !femops
least put in the effort
your trolling
think we should impose a strict "no reply, no comment" policy on trolls. Except for a rating on a 1 to 10 scale.
but only because of correct use of "you're".
was just looking on how to block private messages as i realized that like 30 people pm'ed me over the last weeks, mostly with insulting crap ...
no :(
yea.. tha'd be for the best, then again talking about them after they're kicked isnt that bad so long as it doesnt distract from the ongoing discussion
time is this place active?
  Selwyn2 :(
varies.
all
  +amelia_  Afternoon
morning
  +amelia_  Afternoon
it goin amelia_ ?
goes, and you?
goes as well. right now i'm mostly trying to procrastinate before i start doing things today
it's 4:30pm here and I've not done a whole lot ... but then I've been non-stop since Thursday, so I guess I needed the break
where are you from?
state tax return came, haha!
woop
really because I'm actually goddamn poor, but extra money, yay.
crap i completely forgot about filing mine until you just said that
I'd be too afraid of bills either getting jammed in the machine, or lost in a breeze.
  +KittenGNU  lol
wonder if the kickstarter for that money gun thing ever went through or not
apparently theyre selling it anyway
I suspect is the ~only one that will seriously get some to listen :/
there is that. :/
  yuki0109  hello
there anyone?
Possibly.
yuki0109
to the woooooorld of tomorrow!
extra money DrYucatan
let's not be decent 21st century human beings, right? let's just continue to worry about what's "bad for business"
good for business is good for everybody!
business burn money
quote an actual person who was being sincere at the time, "multinational corporations = humanity"
are people too, after all.
  +SaturnMoriya yes
about the corporations
also a primary cause for most bad things in this world
  +Kaiserina  #notallcorporations
you just don’t care enough about human rights
politics, media, social inequality, they all overlap and uphold the kyriarchy as the thing that does all the things
all
you help me with a question?
all!
str8 white
here to talk about feminism
:)
we talk about the exploitation of men in today's society? I believe that this may not be a practical viewpoint in the 21st century
gap
not sure I understand straight, please explain.
sad this chatroom is not effective at chatting about today's world issues
believe this is a strong topic and you people are not devoted to this issue as you do not spend time chatting on here and talking about our interests
bye. good day.
  +SaturnMoriya lol
not even wait for proper answers
I kind of like the idea of setting up #feminism as a trap for trolls. Also, funny enough, I literally just learned about the term “sealioning”, perfect timing.
good
I had a debate about socialism at lunch today with a coworker
  +LadyCailin lol
  +SaturnMoriya socialism
not social
an anarcho capitalist
that was interesting
  +SaturnMoriya anarcho...capitalism?
is that a thing lol
makes no sense
you privatize everything, including police, military, healthcare, etc
i can see no way that could go wrong :P
lol
  +SaturnMoriya hah
just finished reading oryx and crake
book
afternoon :P)
  +cirvinfox  hi
is full of anarchocapitalists
I learned anarchocapitalists are a thing
sad now
a lot of people are anarcho-capitalists and don't realize it
you think bitcoin is cool you may be an ancap
you think technofuturism without wealth redistribution will solve peoples' problems you may be an ancap
not lol
of those things
is full of ancaps too
can tell because of the word "free"
which freedom means something other than wealth redistribution
hmm
see
thought about that lol
for them means, like, idealist liberty - the lack of obstacles set up by a government
to oppress without repercussions
whose only experience of oppression is being pulled over for speeding
sent a DMCA notice for torrenting games of thrones
and taxes
remember him shouting "fuck the government"
giggled
  +SaturnMoriya ah
yea..
say fuck the government
not for those reasons
yeah same.
say it because people are dying and they're wasting all their money on unnecessary bs
as war
their money on killing people
money
know my ideals won't be reached this lifetime but I'm sure as hell going to die trying to make a change
things can change fast in certain situations
that
human nature is...
i'm okay with the long haul, if that's necessary, but i'm optimistic about the time span of change.
  +SaturnMoriya eh
capitalism is here to stay
that's rather pessimistic... if it's here to stay the planet doesn't have very long left.
that
don't think our leaders are going to change soon enough to save it
I'm pessimistic and I shouldn't be but otherwise it feels like I'm lying to myself
is for presidents and dreams are for people who are slee-eeping
exists to protect rich people against poor people but ancaps don't see that
  +SaturnMoriya uhu
that's the #1 cause of criminality
one says "you know what I'm gonna potentially ruin my life by breaking the law"
"flip" because they have to or because they were mentally compromised...often by shitty social states that exist because government
the unacceptance
I get worked about this my sentence structuring degrades lol
englishisnotfirstlangauge starts showing
part is talking like this will be seen by people who don't open their eyes as crazy conspiracy talk
that last one
often is, that's part of the problem
are you talking about I'm free to have a house and do all the things I like to do"
get to buy junk food and go on vacation"
morganq
see
planet will be fine
however
fucked
enough
and circuses SaturnMoriya :p
trick in the book
  +SaturnMoriya lol
with the new trend of girls painting bigger nipples on with makeup??
that question you should go to ##trendofgirlspaintingbiggernipplesonwithmakeup
be glad to help you out
not real
what YOU think
i mean ill just lick it off anyway
dont need to do that
'cha grade A creep
  +LambdaSix  :P
  millner who?
  +cirvinfox  you
bud
  millner why?
  +morganq  guess
i mentioned nipples lol
didnt realize this was christian chat
it is
it was girls talking about girl stuff
have nipples too
my point
tongues
nope
x.x
  +SaturnMoriya really?
  +epi  !femops
  +cirvinfox  indeed
  +SaturnMoriya o.o
lets stop feeding the troll
i brought up a body part
I like me some playful trollfeeding
you said you'd lick someone, thats creepy as fuck
  +Kaiserina  git.
score?
  +Kaiserina  yes
too oblivious
gud
least it was kinda new
give it that
are much better IRC channels for discussing licking
ReginaLaqueus
:)
kno it bby
is an awesome image
dudebros gonna get /your/ food
the mojave almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter
more talk of forming our own nation!
is more like a beacon of civilization in the middle of a lifeless wasteland
say the NCR or New Vegas :P
  +cirvinfox  lol
  +Kaiserina  hahahaha
in the second movie we reprogram a austrian menz to stop the machine's plan of assassinating...idk lets use anita for a character when she was a child
mailing david cameron
would buy at least half of you a coffe
  +Kaiserina  :3
I have tea instead?
not everyone is going to like coffee, some people like tea. ;p)
i'd probably wanna hang out with most people here some day
  +ReginaLaqueus  hehe
say "reprogram an austrian" … makes me think of ancaps.
i'd prolly creep most people out
  +cirvinfox  -.-
  +Kaiserina  well
an ancap wouldn't be a bad idea either
  +Kaiserina  :3
though
feminism and praise the dark lord satan
have done it
mean accept feminism
a "libertarian"
libertarian anyway
so weird
like to joke that my husband was a libertarian until two things happened - one, he met me, and two, he had to go out in the real world
my friends are anarchist.
conservative capitalist but in denial about it.
  +SaturnMoriya ahh
  +SaturnMoriya ahhhhhhhhhhh
  +SaturnMoriya "freedom"
I wanna be friends with all your friends
Parts 1 & 2, from Adventure Time, were really good criticisms of the notion of "freedom" and I think they were specifically made to dig at libertarianism.
freedom
there are two things to remember about being a Libertarian
Free speech means you can be an asshole but no one can object
AM I BEING DETAINED?
yes
is all.
  +SaturnMoriya ahaa
see
am learning about politics
YOU NOT DETAINED?!
I see a was missing out on nothing but more of the bs
  +ReginaLaqueus  Hahahaha
least it's a nice quick lesson
of the what they're pretending to be in an hour long debate
TBH there's more to it but really it's all the opposite end of the spectrum from communism with the same idealistic grandeur
call me a commie all the time for talking anarchy
thought libertarianism was mostly freedom from taxes? ;p
  +ReginaLaqueus  Yep
communism
lenin
THE LENIN
the dark lord satan
mean lenin
what?
idea is that if everyone is free to do what they want and there are no rules, everyone will work in the favor of the common good
im not saying lenin is satan
that... just doesn't happen
:3
it would be badass if he were...bring a whole new meaning to red revolution
put in their heads this idea of "equality=communism" and it's so dumb
  +Kaiserina  >:3
talking equality
the long hard road to it
communism
healthcare? DAMN COMMUNISTS
  +SaturnMoriya yeah
much
freedom
guns
is pretty close to communism, though, to be fair.
you wanna go that route its pretty much the end goal of leninism :p
collective workers regime to transition from the withered husk of the state.
think Marx described it roughly thus. :P
hiding behind a barricade while revolution happens and then sighing when things didn't change wtf
doe
don't know what I'm talking about
sure you're fine
just keep quiet and keep working cause then i get my medicines
that seems to be more than most people know. :p
need money to exist
all legal forms of getting money isn't the solution
mean you can exist outside of society
it'll never be a significant amount of people doing that so that doesn't change anything either
like society.. society makes medicines and technology, and knowlege
and technology with profit over health and ethics, knowledge full of lies
makes my magical transforming pills
can sty
  +LambdaSix  *stay
society doesn't mean we go back to the stone age lol
are only three kinds of people
people, rich people and police
the magical transforming pills are ESSENTIAL
guess it does sound like communism if you don't feel the anarchy inside you lol
i like that
people, rich people and police"
day we can all be good people
  +SaturnMoriya p:
we can't just get rid of government and expect things to work
not an iiiiiiiiiiidiot
  +SaturnMoriya sorry
best insult ever
feminist." | "you probably set up Hillarys mail server."
  Liebknecht  Uhh
  Liebknecht  !ops
we have an issue. ^
thanks
gud
  +SaturnMoriya "spamartist"
an issue
=)
  +libbies  hi
have a question about german, "das generische Maskulinum"
schreibe gerade eine Hausarbeit für die Uni, und überlege gerade, ob es ratsam wäre, die zu gendern*, oder ob nur das generische Maskulinum legal ist. hat hier jmd erfahrung mit sowas?
that i ask in german, but its really about german language =/
schreibe gerade eine Hausarbeit für die Uni, und überlege gerade, ob es ratsam wäre, die zu gendern*, oder ob nur das generische Maskulinum legal ist. hat hier jmd erfahrung mit sowas?
german people online?
that i ask in german, but its really about german language =/
You've asked already.
etwas Geduld. Die Menschen werden zu beantworten, ob / wann sie können, aber dieser Kanal nicht in erster Linie um die deutsche Sprache.
sry, i didnt consider 2 times as spam^^
was the question, for the rest of us?
german language, we have male/female words, and also "the" exists in 2 different genders, "der, die, das".
i wanted to know if i can use this method in a research paper for university.
That really would be a question for your university, as to whether they would accept that. If it's terminology you'd like to use, wouldn't it be best to approach your tutor?
just do it anyway and don't give a single fuck
dont have a tutor, i should maybe just ask my prof^^ but it should be standart in german universities, and its a feminism AND german based question, so i decided to ask here, but in german^^
i think I'll just do it
they give you shit over it just get all indignant and act like they're the ones doing something wrong
ppl getting angry and yelling sounds fucking scary
  +locas  yeah
at least its difficult to pronounce in an angry shoutout ;)
  Liebknecht  haha
readers to use their imagination) ;)
lovely person I'm going to hug your self through your torso until your heart feels fuzzy!"
win.
  +amelia_  :D
corny and slightly disturbing, but the feel-good intent was solid :P
be fine if it had a goddamn dpad lol
thing looks so ugly
uncomfortable
guzzling good
  +libbies\zzz  !femops
libbies\zzz sucks dick
  +libbies\zzz  lol.
  +libbies\zzz  thanks
surprised nick changes aren't rate-limited
  +Euryale  mmmhm
do you know how to do that?
meant on the server-side
don't know how to do it on a channel-basis
  +Euryale  right
wait, were there two of them?
  +libbies\zzz  hm
there was only one of them
set a nick ban
keeps hopping hosts
kicked two people though
  +Keilana  o/
  +amelia_  \o
people that make fun of triggers like they're not a real serious thing that shouldn't be considered
  +SaturnMoriya (hi)
  +SaturnMoriya mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmhmm
read this other article that was aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalll about how hard it is for people close to transgendereds and how the transgendereds "couldn't possibly understand"
I'm having no faith in humanity whatsoever
morning
evening :)
everything so hard :(
cause, reasons :/
had to explain some things about feminism to my husband last night
open to learning but it's hard for him to build empathy himself without it being explained to him, which can be annoying sometimes
least I think I convinced him that anything in the realm of "But how about how it affects me" will REALLY not earn him any points in those conversations
can not teach muslims girls about safe sex in norwegian schools --muslim parents
you teach them about sex, they will have it!
  ReginaLaqueus Duh
have it anyway, they just wont know how to stay unpregnant
take boys, why is it ok to teach boys about safe sex?
they can have "anal jihad"?
if you don't know about sex then you can't have it, amirite?
  hanshenrik  ssure
  +cirvinfox  totes
teach muslim girls about how to properly cleanse themselves after they touch their bodies.
putting a tampon in or after they use the toilet.
so much shame?
bodies, i mean
  +cirvinfox  shaaame
sure there’s much need to single muslims out, tbh.
far as i know, its only the muslims :o
not as if shaming women/girls for their bodies and so on is limited to muslims.
not
i'm not singling them out. it's not a specific thing...most women are taught about how dang dirty we are
womenses
on let me find a link
I'm guessing masturbation doesn't even come into the question for consideration w/rt 'touching yourself' is concerned :1
Euryale
do you want to see all the stuff i got today?
  +Euryale  hi!
I guess
Euryale. masturbation applies for both sexes.
vaguely remember sex ed in school, it was heteronormative, basic and more or less useless.
have to do it too.
mostly seemed to have the intent of "look, look how disgusting sex is, and BABIES, don't do it kids"
jealous~
was all STDs and childbirth hurts and kids are hard work when i had it
The thing that stands out in my mind is all the pictures of 'cauliflower crotch' and late-stage syphilis
  bekabug lol
also remember my (female) sex ed teacher describing to the class the first time she was penetrated and how much it hurt and was traumatic which... I lapped up at the time but now that I think back on it I feel really bad for my teacher and I hope she's okay :1
;)
I'm told the male teacher demonstrated condom usage on an aubergine
aubergine?? isn't that a bit large? or was he demonstrating "no guy is as big as this fucking eggplant make him wear a rubber!"
that's gold.
have no idea, I wasn't present for much of the sex ed classes. I handled half of the the first one then freaked out -.-
can't wait to teach my kids about sex, consent, and bodily autonomy/integrity
hammer it into their heads
fantastic! lol
kids: have safe, responsible sex with lots and lots of healthy communication. you will know how to do this from two hours of lectures and porn because sure as shit you won't have any, you know, actual adults to act as role models.
point
  +LambdaSix  hmmph.
other cultures that don't have as large of houses as we do the kids can actually see mom and dad fucking but in our culture the kids probably don't even see mom and dad /talking about fucking/
this log is going to come back and bite me in the ass in ten years when I apply for adoption, isn't it? :1
not saying you have to have sex wit the door open but don't /hide/ the fact that you have sex from your kids
lol
at least let them see how you handle negotiation
understand
have a tiny house. you can't take a poop without everyone knowing.
I remember being over at a friend's house and their parents having sex and no, it wasn't traumatic
feel a little bad about it now because we decided to troll them and ask for juice boxes in the middle of the whole affair
GET YOUR OWN FUCKING JUICE BOXES!"
are such shits lol omg
know >.<
hah
I don't remember my own parents /ever/ having sex
know. i didn't find out until a few months ago but my parents had sex every.single.day. of my life... well after the day i moved out, even.
even being aware that they /did/ have sex
must have done it while I was at school or whenever
mom admitted to it on facebook, of all places. i think she was bragging. it was one of those sciencey articles that are like "Sex every day is good for you!"
right it's good for you!
had no idea they were having sex every day.
they had sex 3 times
4 if you count that time i walked in on them
would think my dad would have been in a way better mood if he was getting that much
what I've seen of male sexuality is anything to go by...
which is sad, because I think we're letting our menfolk down
normally get turned down by the BF. :p
thrusting for a few minutes until you ejaculate does not a satisfying sexual experience make
Some men I've slept with seem weirdly happy with that. idek
or even an orgasm
I got off on your face, see you next week"
unwilling to speculate on the quality of my parents' daily sex. @_@
  +LambdaSix  x.x
the HL partner in my relationship.
I mean, those men are terrible in bed and I wouldn't date them again, but y'know :P
I used to have a sexual response like that
for a few minutes followed by squirting and a sense of not having to do it again for a while
took months of concerted sex-ed (yay internet) and experimentation and cutting out pornography
nofap guys talk about that problem
but now I have thirty minute sex followed by screaming, whimpering orgasms that last minutes so...
poor parents)
:D
total opposite. I've only had one partner get me off and that was an hour of fucking ;p
but so worth it. XD
think a lot of what is to blame for that is the idea that there's 'male' and 'female' orgasms
one of the /major/ differences that they teach between 'male' and 'female' orgasms is that the 'female orgasm' is a whole-body experience
they never had a postrate orgasm
if men aren't supposed to experience orgasms that are whole-body amazing
the record I've never had a prostate orgasm
don't have any male body parts so i have no idea what a male orgasm is like
way, we have to stop telling men that orgasms can't be really awesome
or maybe it's the shitton of hormones I pump into my body
in which case I guess it sucks to be male then :1
Men: These pills will make you a sexual /god/ and, as becoming a sex god, you shall also be bestowed your own pair of boobs
are shorter. i think science can back that one up.
multiples are rare
I suppose that is well supported w/rt multiples
cis men can hqve prostate orgasms which can last longer
i shouldnt be permanently voiced
a trans woman I can have penile orgasms that last a really long time but... again, I've been fucking around with my biology pretty heavily
you had to speculate do you think the androgens or the estrogen is responsible
i think thats possible for cis guys too, like without ejaculation
antiandrogen
think its more a question of morphology as in the way th2 bodies are socially constituted
the hell spiro is. i've never been 100% clear on that
also intact vs circ'd men. they experience sex rather differently
there's a term for it and i always use the wrong one. is it an androgen or an antiandrogen
TANGENT: FUCKING BAN FUCKING CIRCUMCISION FUCKING ALREADY!
preach, sister.
an antiandrogen
i'll try to remember. my brain is slippery sometimes.
this might be a useful resource for people who have been circumcised and are having sexual anxiety because of it
didn't have my son cut. everyone informed me we would have an unending parade of problems.
hugs!
turns out human evolution isn't completely fucked up
that being said, he's a bit young for those problems to manifest themselves. Just wait till he gets 'round ten or twelve and starts masturbating because you didn't have the foresight to snip his dick
already loves to play with it.
healthy!
  +Euryale  wait...
meant SEE WHAT YOU HAVE DONE?! HE'S GOING TO GO BLIND!
  bekabug lol
poor baby!
his body! the shame.
you aware of Kellogg, though?
  bekabug yes
can thank him for circumcision in the US
were you also aware that he advocated dousing girls' vulvas in acid?
  bekabug no!
  bekabug what
huh!
  bekabug o.o
that... it seems that he /actually did it/
horrible.
  bekabug :[
dear
the MSDS for carbolic acid
excitement"
  +Euryale  yeah
should have been shot
the implications of that experiement are disgusting
  +Euryale  yes
an asshole
now I'm actually really angry
calming breahts
  bekabug *breaths
wish i had started having kids sooner. i'm running out of time to raise an army.
  +Euryale  army!
my gosh I want children so much <3
get super jealous a bunch nowadays, cause all my friends are having kids, but I'm not. lol
want to raise a permanent thorn in the side of the medical establishment by raising an autistic daughter who understands what it is like to be treated with respect (and who will thus demand it in the future)
I'm autistic)
  +cirvinfox  heh
and so is my partner)
i must say...if you want kids...soon as you're even slightly ready...get busy. start filling out the paperwork. whatever it is you need to do.
:1
was going to have 2. one at 30 and one at 33.
really worried about the adoption process especially since my partner and my earning power is... limited
the life expectancy for roma women here is 48
work out tp pgupnin thia thimg
i had a stillbirth at 30 and then a terrifying pregnancy at 31. still trying to work up the courage for #3. it may not happen.
esp. if I want to adopt a brainweird kid I'll have to contend with the 'but ABA costs tens of thousands of dollars you don't have!' and of course they won't listen to the 'I don't need no goddamn 'treatment' to make my kid behave like you'
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm glad that your son is healthy though!
thats better
ABA Euryale)
he's doing super great...thanks :D
are something.i never wanted till ibwas looking after ny beice full.tim
  +LambdaSix  :(
"Applied Behavioral Analysis" is essentially dog training to get your autistic kid to act neurotypical
  bekabug weird
it /is/ abusive but the mainstream psychological and psychiatric establishment refuses to recognize this because autism
and it can get pretty damn abusive
went through it for a little bit and... holy shit
acts like being autistic is THE WORST THING THAT CAN EVER HAPPEN TO
FAMILY
I couldn't sit still and I stimmed a lot I was forced to sit motionless for an hour a day and if I moved I was given adversives in the form of being yelled at or even physically hurt
  +Euryale  also...
when i was watching Parenthood... ok yay for it having a very visibly autistic main character ... but it was treated like some major goddamned tragedy
awful :|
JRE is a very prominent clinic (I think they call themselves a school) for children and teens with autism and one of the things they do is they attach electrodes to the skin of their 'students' so if they do something wrong (like stim) they are electrocuted
fuck...
JRE talks about the electrocution /on their website/
is that not abuse? because they're wearing white coats?
that.
practitioners who claim to be 'humane' refuse to use aversives and instead just deny reward unless you do what they want
a bit degrading
which any person who is versed in actual fucking abuse can recognize as 'denial of affection' which /is abuse/
not degrading, it's abusive
pediatrician told us to try to force our son to talk by denying him things until he "used his words"
see?
was like "Yeah. I won't be doing that but thanks, you cold hearted bitch."
a new doctor, shit :1
again, I imagine that attitude is pretty typical
so i'm examining my thoughts here
that she knew I was lying becaues autistic people are incapable of experiencing real pain
  +SaturnMoriya >.>.................................................................................
  +SaturnMoriya gross
  +SaturnMoriya wow
had a problem with biting. so something acceptable to me would be if he plays with a friend and doesn't bite anyone (fingers crossed) he can have a special treat...like we'd get ice cream. but at this age i know he wouldn't associate his good behavior over a period of time with getting ice cream. he might associate the park with ice cream.
if he's biting other people maybe give him something appropriate to bite on.
GAAAAAHHHHH. who the hell started that? i STILL hear it all the time. "You know they don't experience pain the way we do." also same stuff for children with downs syndrome
he just needs to /bite/
just a thing toddlers do. they're used to exploring the world with their mouth. you have to teach them they can't do that to bodies haha
are tender!
apparently tasty)
sorry i'm in mommy mode. that would apply to adults and children with autism and down's
I can't vouch for that specific store but you can find stuff like that all over
right, toddler
I still have problems with my /physical pain/ being taken seriosuly by other people
regularly turn the television up too high around me and yell at me when I express pain
or get after me for having to take a break from a task because I'm physically disabled and that task is causing a lot of pain and I need a rest
being so sensitve Euryale. geeze. ugh. think about other peoples blaring tv needs.
tried giving my mother a demonstration the other day...
keeps telling  me that I like loud music and her TV isn't /nearly/ as loud as my stereo
  bekabug ok
so what I did is I set up a filter to make the frequency output of my stereo match the television and then turned it up as lond as the television and she was like 'yeah?' and then I flipped off the filter and rattled the window ;)
hope you laid some facts about eq on her
  +Euryale  exactly
differences in speakers
  bekabug ^5
amazing. haha way to go
I'm pretty sure my 7" speakers are rendering all that high-energy bass much better than the... 1" speakers in the television?
she acknowledged that maybe my stereo isn't a good comparison but she still yells at me and the like when I turn down the television
hearing going when you age is a thing
/is/ but there are adaptive technologies for that
she absolutely refuses to explore them
going to start wearing earplugs or earbuds to dinner
speakers are pretty terribad...and we can't let the audio engineers off without fault because the vocal mix on a lot of things is way too quiet but the ambient noise is jacked way up. conversation is just audible but someone puts a pencil down and the subwoofer kicks and your eyeballs vibrate
  +Euryale  >.<
i notice when i’m at my parents’ (i don’t really watch broadcast TV at home) is that they make the commercial breaks much louder than the shows.
mom turns the television up though because she likes it so loud that you /have/ to focus on it instead of being able to tune it out
which is another annoyance since 90% of the time she's watching Fox News :1
they /do/
day you will have your own place!
  +Euryale  yes!
you can sit in silence and have a conversation
parents also seem to have a habit of putting it on and leaving it on even when they’re not watching it or even in the room. i think they assume i might be watching it? even if i have headphones in and/or am reading a book. >.>
I like the television on during dinner but that's only because I never like being forced to have a conversation with them (or anybody, really)
don't get the "tv for noise" thing. audiobook. music. npr. podcasts. anything but pawn stars.
only reason I'd be comfortable having a silent dinner with my partner is because my partner and I are really good about sitting together and being quiet
can understand that
don't have cable tv tho. we do OTA, netflix, hulu, and pirate county public library
your parents are listening to Fox news all day...are they ultra conservative?
you have no idea
mother spouted on about the need for California Prop 8 (ban same-sex marriage) while she had an openly lesbian, trans daughter
:(
was going to ask how that was working out with you being trans...
now /swears up and down/ that she didn't vote for Prop 8 but she also swears up and down that she didn't kick me out of the house when I came out (my dad put the kabosh on me being homeless, though)
it was a hostile situation when you came out
god was it ever!
still walking on eggshells. I don't enforce pronouns or anything with them because if I do that there are shouting matches. The last time I did that (my mom is /generally/ pretty good except when she's angry at me) we had a fracas that lasted a /week/.
mean... to be fair my mom is pretty much on board with me being her daughter now
but keep in mind it's been almost a decade since I came out to her
is SO WEIRD to me. i can't imagine doing that to my kid. :( i'm sorry. if j told me he wanted to jeniffer i'd be like sure thing. that's the wrong color for your skin tone...here let me help you.
response is, i guess, a typical...but it seems like that's changing with all these little kids coming out as trans and getting support
I /know/ she's going to vote for the republican ticket and this election cycle is looking like trans issues are going to be a /thing/ what with all the bathroom bills
  bekabug bleh
guessing you're not a minor?
no, I'm in my late twenties
came out when I was 18-19yo
recently wrote about my coming out, actually...
:(
keep telling them 'you realize by voting for this person you're throwing me under the bus, right?' and they just act all incredulous and babble about the economy
  bekabug e.e
realize that this person would throw me in a concentration camp to deprogram the gay out of me if they had their choice, right?'
in this country make me want to vomit a river of blood.
can't even
pink triangle needs to get reclaimed by radical queer politics and we need to fucking put our boot down on liberal gay orgs appropriating it as a 'pride' symbol
you wanna know what the pink triangle means?
pink triangle is part of the NAZI 'triangle code' that they used in the concentration camps
pink triangle was applied to the armbands of victims to denote that they're queer
that they can be killed sooner/
there were other triangles, too
black triangle meant 'disabled'
red triangle meant 'communist'
was one that meant they were a 'race traitor', as well, but I can't remember the color
going to start using the pink triangle more given the direction of american politics
fuck it
/infuriates/ me that liberal gay culture is stripping that symbol of its history
don’t forget that when the allies ‘liberated’ the camps they returned the queer people to prison. :/
even saw the fucking thing being used by a /mental hospital/ for its LGBT clinic
/institution/ was using the /pink triangle/ to designate its unit specifically for queer people! HOW FUCKED UP IS THAT?!
get mad!
  bekabug :D
are we getting mad about?
anyone here recommend any texts (primary or otherwise) on feminist currents in soviet futurism and its later developments?
fucked up politics of the US
is awful to admit. ok. i didn't even know that stonewall was instigated by transwomen (of color, even!).
elderqueer talks about it like they were there but NONE of them ever mention that. i'd never heard it until trans visibility day recently
  +SaturnMoriya yeahh
got mad
the only feminist text i've ever read is cunt
fight oppression but be super exclusionary because dosh garn
is very mad..
euryale needs a hug
don't need a hug, I need a fucking hatchet
gonna be okay they're not going to hurt you
works too
can go and hurt them
sto, SaturnMoriya
think its perfectly ok to be mad
you, nuit
  +SaturnMoriya yeah
true
  +SaturnMoriya sowwy
okay
very maddening
interesting, how people get into feminist and queer politics is a topic of interest for me
heard anyone mention cunt as their entry point
  bekabug lol
you maybe older if u dont mind me asking?
worked at a bookstore. it intrigued me.
in my early 30s
well... I got into feminist politics because I transitioned and I basically had the choice of being angry at the system of injustices that hit me like a freight train or buy into those systems and loathe myself
  +SaturnMoriya uhu
it's not a book i would recommend was the point i was awkwardly getting at. i've only read one and it was a problematic, if not terrible, one.
yeah i agree
its also historically important
understanding the development of feminism
better take a shower and eat though
don't know. i only read it because it was one of those books we had to stock facing up towards the ceiling and not spine facing towards the aisle
made it stand out that much more, tbh
makes self-care hard
wipes?
easier than a shower
this Friday at this rate
not sure I own baby wipes
i can color while i contemplate the destruction of oppression and tyrrany
am depressed too.
  +pandorastar  :(
  bekabug :(
need to get some exercise. get the blood flowing to my brain.
All I remember is quiet hands really. When a teacher decided to bother.
work, brain.
expect your brain to work? quite the optimist
be helpful.
are your brain, so :I
do you tell depressed people to cheer up? (i'm not being a smart ass. actual question.)
have pretty severe adhd so my brain isn't neurotypical... it rarely listens to me when i ask it to work.
Considering I'm depressed myself, no.
tell depressed people to find the right neurotransmitter to supplement .-.
had to quit my medication
in my case, and not serotonin)
went through dozens of drugs with my psychiatrist before we found something that with worked
  +libbies  -with
first medication made me horrifically suicidal
medication hunt is basically never fun
:/
they kept putting me on SSRIs and SNRIs ...bad scene. i went nuts. rage filled mania. suicidal.
and snris never worked for me
serotonin was not the right neurotransmitter to supplement
works really well for me but it's such a pain in the tits with it being a sched II drug. piss test every month. doctor appointment every month. no more than a 30 day supply. have to pick up your prescription in person. have to fill it in person. have to pick up the drugs in person.
think a lot of trans women have issues with GABA
5aris have an upstream effect on several gaba receptor modulators
was all ok i guess but people were complaining about my aggression.  :/ i've been off a month now.
more than a month.
  Liebknecht  Wooo
a Raspberry Pi 2 :D
the mail today!
  +libbies  yay
so cute and adorable
was amazed at how small it is
pretty much credit card sized
want to ask a question and ...... i'm sort of afraid to
i'd like to know the answer...not that the answer is any of my business
  +LambdaSix  :3
LambdaSix knows what's bouncing around in my mind
i'm curious what the question is
question question ask ask!
If it's something I can answer, feel free to ask
wondering, of those in here who identify as female, what's the cis:trans ratio. i have reasons for my curiosity
my irl transwomen friends are programmers or pretty serious technology geeks.
a trans woman who works in tech
of the 5 are on the spectrum.
cis woman who works in tech
ASD, Software engineer. :P
may not be a terribly representative sample in terms of tech vs. non-tech workers though)
  +LambdaSix  yeah
i live in dumpyville, tn. i would say irc is a more diverse sample.
transparency
  bekabug :P
what you mean by diversity
  bekabug geographically
in the ##feminism channel, you'll get a ton of women (because feminism) in tech (because IRC)
you might get more gender diversity among the women here than among your local tech community
cis woman not in tech
think I’m one of the few not tech people here
dumpleton
to be true of tech communities regardless of location, to some degree :/
I work it's about 50/50 female/male
is the county name lol
two white people out of a team of 15. :P)
Wow
ever did you know?
dumpleton, dumpania
50/50 here
  +SaturnMoriya \o!
you in undergrad, SaturnMoriya?
what
not native english
it’s okay :) are you getting a bachelor’s degree?
  +SaturnMoriya yus
yay!
mean I dropped outta college and am starting over next year but
the plan~
counting :P
awesome! go you!
:3
day I'll go to university >_>
probably will not
What is your native language?
  +SaturnMoriya dutch
^_^
time
and thank you for sharing and answering me
anyone who didn't feel comfortable doing so...it really makes no difference to me at all. like i said i was just curious. :)
yeah, it's a shame the work environment sorta sucks:P
  +GorillaWarfare :(
software is soul crushing
ooh
i didn't know what
a good friend of mine in new york works for bloomberg
the sole maintainer of her app there, and she's getting way underpaid for it
  +LambdaSix  s/no/so/
you still bumping around here?
:)
you asking about the cis:trans ratio just in this channel?
did
every time someone says cis:trans ratio I immediately start thinking about E/Z isomerism (guess who’s been studying too long)
because i only know of one other female centric channel but i don't sit in it
talk about gender issues in here so i didn't think it would be totally OT...probably would be in ubuntu-women though :P
don't know about /everyone/ but I'd estimate that the majority of the people who contribute a lot are trans
Just yet more evidence that the trans-cabal is taking over the world. /s
  bekabug haha
the majority of operators are trans, which helps a lot in terms of keeping the channel safe
now if we can only get the same thing going with women of color :1
channel is distressingly white
  +LambdaSix  mmhm
that just the nice fact of the internet, that you cant judge people by color of skin, gender or beauty?
kind of toyed around with the idea of seeing if the local school here would be interested in maybe a female technology club/group/thing that i could help with maybe. i ahh... without realizing it... bought a house and moved into a predominantly black neighborhood. we're the white family lol
about judgig, more about viewpoints and contibution. (I'd guess) :P
could recruit some young woc and get them hooked on irc and off of godforsaken snapchat
there was even any interest. i can't find grown adults that share my interests
would need to start with the girl scout troop
them earn some merit badges.
lmao 'why is this position segregated by gender'
shit like that
people are awful
by: Science and Technology...."science of style" merit badge
of happiness"
Website Designer. i can mentor that.
It's not about judging. It's about representation of viewpoint. Many, many feminist circles have the serious problem of /ignoring/ the needs of intersectionally oppressed women.
requirements are probably like "make a page of links!" and i'll be all "Today you will be installing django...who knows what the command line is?"
/ pipedream >
which I would reply: which shell and running on which operating system?
  bekabug boop.
by the way, I poked my nose into your blog and I have to say. Your son is /adorable/
are /not/ helping my nesting instinct!
thank you ^_^
can't wait to have kids!
baby baby baby baby
  bekabug hah!
heard it put that way before
can still judge men and white people over the internet. it is not, in fact, a post-gender post-racial paradise
judge
  bekabug gag
oh you're a web dev/designer? Awesome!
:D
just give everyone a Raspberry Pi with LAMP pre-installed
tell them they have 20 minutes to get a website up, hosted on the pi
  Liebknecht  lolol
CLI only
So... basically they have to plug the damn thing in and create a text file in /var/apache/www/ or whatever the directory structure is...
  Liebknecht  :D
yep!
do I get the job? ;)
i would love to do that.
what percentage of people fail your test?
never done this
want to become a CS professor
  Liebknecht  XD
  +libbies  o.o;
god... I'm not qualified for that >.<
  bekabug xD
You could give them a pi with GNU/Linux freshly installed and make them work from that. that would be more fair. Twenty minutes should be plenty unless you're using something like Gentoo.
which would be hilarious
should do it with Gentoo
  Liebknecht  Alright
them using Gentoo
  Liebknecht  xD
with a 20 minute timeframe if they're too stupid to install a binary by hand they're too stupid to work for you)
I'm in my senior year of high school :P
we're talking about children right?
I aspire to be a professor
  Liebknecht  Hahaha
school students aren't that tech-savvy
make them seem tech savvy but they're not ;)
nono... we're talking about installing things /on/ a raspberry pi, not installing the raspberry pi on a child
my good goddess. "My son is really good at computers...but he's busy right now." i hear that all the time
your facebook password doesn't make him a wizard
son knows how to read the manual'
  Liebknecht  meh
never read the manual
love the manual!
are the worst.
love that in emacs there's a manpage reader called 'woman'
vim's
<3 vim.
vim bunches
> vim
  +libbies  >.>;;;
:D
> vim IF the job is a complex one
  Liebknecht  fempage!
  Liebknecht  :D
  Liebknecht  perfect
know what? I'm setting that alias in my bashrc
  +libbies  lol
fempage? :D
  +Euryale  'woman'
  Liebknecht  pj
  Liebknecht  oh*
  Liebknecht  Haha
woman man
idea
evil looks above my paygrade
  Liebknecht  ooo
got an idea
need a FOSS OS developed only by women
single package :D
  +libbies  .-.
:>
now have a much more satisfying shell, gender-wise
happens when one of the lead developers inevitably transitions to male, does the project fall apart
  bekabug bwahaha
  bekabug fork.
that's an acceptable answer
made three unsuccessful login attempts. For security purposes, we've temporarily locked your account for 20 minutes.
don't actually know any of my passwords anymore
all stored in keepass
passwords are in 1password
it made me answer a security question after i logged in and i didn't know the answerrrrr
  bekabug dishonor
security passwords all random strings
stored in keepass .-.
usually are which is what's weird. it didn't like my answers.
  +libbies  ooo
weird
just h&r block
anyone have a keybase invite they want to share :3
give up. i guess i just won't file my taxes tonight. grrr
i'm headed off freals this time
  +libbies  oh
i had the same problem the other day too o_o
bekabug
i ended up doing a reset
then it turns out their app can't do my taxes this year :/
my password was longer than 15 characters and the limit seems to be 15 now
youtube is reconmending me Thunderf00t and Total Bisquit and Vinesuace all of a sudden....
2 clean ur history, u must've watched some reactionary videos
  +libbies\zzz  ooo
was back
is spamartist?
had the same pattern as before
rapid nick changes
  +libbies\zzz  ?
wonder what cholby's issue is
a severe lack of life purpose, riddim
  +GorillaWarfare hehe
I'll bet he gets all the girls :>
should put money on that, Euryale ;)
now you're just trying to fleece me >:[
  +Keilana  >.>
  +Keilana  <.<
  +Keilana  >.>
likes cock
  TheCholbs anyone
a personal question for someone who just met all of us lovely people.
wonder how much entertainment value he actually gets out of that
must be extremely bored
  +GorillaWarfare Anyhow
post on transmisogyny I just saw
TW for the same:
does not have to be attached to womanhood to be legitimate" :)
darkmatter
dude forreal lol
  +Keilana  ;D
any1 here think octopi r pretty badass
there's that mimic octopus who's smart as fuck
like how they're symbols of world domination
wish i could raise octopi but i think they're social creatures who need more stimulation than an aquarium can provide
YES
crocheted a baby purple octopus last week for my roommate!
welcome to ##feminism
  ishanyx hi!
brings you here?
someone in #freenode wondering where to find the ops to dispute their ban, so i looked at the topic, read the rules link and thought it sounded like an interesting place
one way
pretty quiet in here at this time of night though
pretty tired ;)
anything in particular that caught your eye?
exhausted but miles to go before I sleep, blah blah
i was surprised to find a space with rules like that on irc - most of the time on irc you're lucky if a channel even bothers to ban blatant misogynists
my gosh yes...
ban the crap out of blatant  misogynists >:3
You must not hang around quality IRC channels!
:(
sucks, this channel is much different
ban liberally :)
work for objecting to their sexist jokes, ishanyx.
to our lovely femops <3
highlight!
<3
<3
for bed, i think
:)
was the best highlight
hope you stick around, ishanyx!
that need 'handling'? -.-'
  +tachikoma  no
son loves the dolls of his bigger sisters, and why not ...
hugs and "girls' toys" to play with? :-)
dad told me that he "wasn't raisin a faggot" and that he should have our son living with him so he can teach him how to be a man." <- that is the single problem here. not the kid or its behavior
  modulus oy
pretty sure I spent a chunk of my childhood running around in pink dresses.
then, I turned out in exactly the way that persons father seems to fear ;p)
again the specification 'boys toy' and 'girls toy' is crap imho. I can get especially angry when this gets applied to scintific toys which I usually saw being specified for boys.
fact - my wife did buy lots of pink and yellow clothes for our daughters and now we have a son and he now also gets to wear his sisters old pink tshirts and trousers :)
<3
  bekabug morning
bekabug
is?
  +cirvinfox  mornin
  ReginaLaqueus Morning
  +LambdaSix  mornig
  +cirvinfox  sup?
my promotion is finally official
cool beans, congrats!
  ReginaLaqueus :D
beans
hungry
had a client who asked me to make their whole website bold.
whats wrong with bold comic sans?
mean as long as there's a lense flare...
after i did that... "Can you make it bolder?"
still looking for a suitable typeface e.e
  bekabug ooooooooooooooh
:P
so pretty to look at
industrial"
illness or bad taste. i'll let the jury decide.
did you see gentoo.org's april fools site design?
no i missed that
problem with technical architects that used to code, they forgot how time consuming programming is.
but that's a really simple bit" "...no"
  bekabug :D
but you just have to write a little code right?
i quite like it
think someone would have gotten a screen shot
love it lol
gonna do my site that way
gotta be a link to it..
its gone
a SS in that link a little one
get the idea :D
know...asking for comic sans isn't as awful as someone asking for papyrus
you
MUCH COMIC SANS IN MY OFFICE
  +cirvinfox  haha
whimsical.
just don't get it.
  ReginaLaqueus :|
  bekabug lol
use Arial, 10pt
again all we write are manuals
  bekabug inconsolata
email is helvetica
facebook thingy showed up in my feedamajig
of man opening car door for a woman, quote is "real men still do this" :I
in the thingamajig can be bad
like c'mon
can open a damned door
i dont mind if someone is at the door and opens it for me, thats just being nice, i do that, but the sexist connotations and obligations implied.. the only obligation people have is to respect eachother as people
hated the picture a bti less if it was two men
i have to make that now
you want to
i like my corset and hoop skirt :<
you're at the ren fair
corsets tho
  +Kaiserina  :3
actually have never worn either
are uncomfortable
fun
point is, saying that men have an obligation to open doors for women is crap
i wanna say something about it
  +cirvinfox  but..
agreed
stay silent on social medias
needed to vent, sorry
away!
i kinda liked the windings font back in the days - it's kinda like hieroglyphs ;)
are making a major comeback in web design
are old and busted. glyph fonts are the new hotness.
i have no idea about web design  ;)
next week will be awesome, one week being paid to do what i want :)
do you want
have two projects, not sure yet what i will do
  bekabug bwahaha
would be a simple user interface for a head mounted display with low resolution, the other one a solar powered arduino mini/rfm23bp based mesh network node. that means several small gadgets that will transceive data in the ism band (815mhz here) that can be used to setup some network by just placing them in the area you need covered.
will be low bandwidth, use case is chat aplications or remote sensor access
  bekabug ahem
:)
hardware is neat!
have these little boxes that screw right into an electrical box
antenna. they're adorbs.
is here tachikoma
germany
i work at suse - that linux company
have something called "Hackweek" every 6 month or so and there everyone is encouraged to do some project he likes do do or join a project from someopne else he is interested
  bekabug o0o0o0o
must be a neat company to work for
i like it a lot, but it also depends on the team one is in, my team is really really nice
are your reponsibilities
just a software engineer, with focus on QA / test automation
mostly at the moment
:)
i like it, but it also is the reason i usually at hackweek choose something more low level, thats why most likely I'll go with the mesh network project this time
so hungry
think i'm going to go boil up a handful of eggs
actually got scared when i worked the first time with rails - four commands and all your code is written for you, you only need to adjust and are ready to go mostly ...
i need to leave soon, catch my train home, enjoy your meal ;)
hab miene fakelego enterprise endlich :)
... :(
  bekabug o.o
  +LambdaSix  Coffeeee
lego?
love lego but it's so expensive. the new jurassic park set is $130 ;_;
Lego sucks though
build quality is horrible
kre-o
hate that shit
like to say i love harry potter and lego a lot but that's ridiculous. i'd like to say that. but if i had the money it'd be MINE.
wow. i just got a good chuckle.
Home Team Manager – AppleCare Phone Teams
role requires you to work between the hours of 7:00 am CST - 10:30 pm CST and operated 7 days a week.
  +Keilana  whaaaaat
ridiculous
day every day. you belong to Apple.
ARE apple
borg borg
Apple, we believe in hard work, a fun environment, and the kind of creativity and innovation that only comes about when talented people from diverse backgrounds approach problems from varying perspectives.
slavery.
probably rotate between first and 2nd shift but still. that's comical.
  +Euryale  D:<
guessing it's an 'on call' thing but...
FUCK how is that even /legal/?!
'merica.
where's your work ethic, Euryale. are you a socialist or something.
  +libbies  o.o
seems i have forgotten how to use the ?
wonder what the pay is
._. .-.
doesn't require a degree so it's probably not very good
guess $10-$12/hr
and only when you're 'actually working'
this is troubling. especially if you're working in 3-4 hour bursts. you could technically get full time hours but that's rough
funny that I know people who would probably want that job
if it's 100% work from home
sad...if my kid wasn't so loud i would apply for that job.
  +libbies  agoraphobia~~
need really good people skills, i'd imagine.
noise cancelling headsets are pretty awesome <.<
:D
life stuff. making me want to barf.
life is a misnomer
  +cirvinfox  anti-choice
of course im sure its coupld with real useful sex education?
know, to help people?
bills are in progress....Informed consent/ 48 hour waiting period and that all abortion facilities be inspected and licensed
if we can't make the women change their minds we're going to inconvenience and tax the crap out of these facilities.
these the same places that push abstinence only  sex ed?
clue
no state cirriculum for sex ed here, afaik
live in TN
what started all this bullshit...
that TN is the last remaining southern state where you can stroll in and get an abortion. so people from out of state were doing just that. there's no waiting period here. you get an appointment, you show up.
than one in four abortions in Tennessee are sought by a resident of a state other than Tennessee, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention."
lawmakers in 2013 passed legislation that requires clinics to meet standards for an ambulatory care center, a requirement that include detailed specifications for hallway width, doorways and other facility features. A clinic in Birmingham and the Huntsville clinic have since closed because of the requirement."
/tangent >
Those are always difficult, because disabled access is good, but the intent was seemingly to levy precise standards so they could find a reason to close a place.. :/
disability concern.
you think these anti abortion laws are simply to "protect the safety of women getting an abortion" you're sorely mistaken. The purpose of all of these bills is to circumvent Roe v Wade and shut down abortion totally.
  +cirvinfox  yarp
fact: it's safer to get an abortion than it is to give birth!
a lot cheaper...
access is good" what
wait no i know what you're saying now. ADA compliance is good
don't give two shits about the disabled being able to wheel their chair through an abortion clinic. we can be real lol
just want to use disabled ppl as a prop to restrict abortion
Most places claiming "disabled access is good" are talking out of their rear ends, sadly
amelia_ yes
bees.
people being used as a prop: yes
out of their butts: also yes
maybe they're just making a non-committal value statement ;)
are laws like this in other states....and all it did was succeed in closing all the facilities. they didn't want tn to be an abortion destination so....... :(
  bekabug anyway.
was prochoice before i had kids. some people told me that after i had kids i would be 100% pro life (antichoice. whatever.). but it didn't happen. i have had a pretty traumatic reproductive history so i'm 10000% in favor of someone terminating a pregnancy for whatever reason
body, your right.
bekabug_mini: your mom really, truly wanted you <3
than all the everythings
  bekabug haha
<3
what did I say about you and my nesting instinct?!
have LOTS more baby pictures if i could be of further assistance
are amazing and not something I'd ever wish on anybody who didn't want one.
  bekabug hehe
free to wish children on meeee
no, not yet
a few years
in a few years, I want kidsss!
too!
don't know if i want children
is the point where i chime in with "There's never a good time,"
now i absolutely do not
maybe in a few years when I'm actually financially stable i'll feel differently
horribly expensive and you're always ill prepared
used to drive a school bus
liked those kids
  +kellanium  mostly
worth it (if that's a thing you want)
  +Euryale  'mostly'
you used to /gush/ about those kids /every single day/
wish I could have kids :(
  +amelia_  ^
a robotics program
they have readily available mentorship channels
i just sent an email
4-H Youth and Development Program includes both gender identity and sexual orientation in its non-discrimination policy"
Scouts of the USA does not address gender identity specifically ....
scouts last I checked were very positive on LGBT issues, including the T
idk if they have their policy written out somewhere
yeah they do. gender identity is not an issue unless you identify as a boy.
discriminate against boys so they can't say they have no gender discrimination policy
that makes sense. transgirls are a-ok
I should've started mine by now
I've just been wallowing
locas! you can do it
kits aren't magic, though; you still have to keep that reservoir filled with water."
got some sass in their copy writing department lol
  bekabug *burpee.com
year we used dixie cups with holes punched int he bottom for our seedlings
since they have a rim around the bottom that lifts the cup off the ground, we had to put them in quite deep water
was annoying
used uhhh
were a pain in the ass and nothing lived. so i bought a tray this year
were cute though. 24 little baby green houses
mostly lived but it was still annoying
now they only things sprouting are the tomatoes and a few of the cucumbers
whatcha sproutin'?
  +amelia_  Oh
see
chive, parsley, cilantro, rosemary, basil, New Mexico hot peppers, sweet peppers, tomatoes, cucumbers, beans, and zucchini.
more than tomatoes and cucumbers in there! no worries :D
:D wish I had the capability to do that here
is going to be our first garden. last year, as you read, was a bust.
don't understand how people keep their houses so clean.
have one and it looks like a bomb went off in the room after he's been in it for 3 minutes.
I don't have any kids and my house looks like it's someone's room after the bomb
goes to show.
mine
my apartment is.. embarrasing
  bekabug :(
and apathy..
say "very messy" on there but it should.
feel when people mistake "strong female characters" for "manic pixie dream girls with firearms"
are having nachos for dinner...which means i need to quit dev-ing and get a shower.
  +agnosticnixie  >.>
are you implying I'm not strong :p
manic PIXIE. not manic NIXIE
no
mean like
am kidding
  bekabug haha
I know what you mean :p
i do
like
of Hollywood SFCs have no dimension to them other than being a badass chick who knows her way around a weapon
LOOKING AT YOU, JOSS WHEDON
  bekabug but...
mistake the word "strong" to mean "having fortitude"
is not what it means
means well-developed
mistake 'strong' for 'violent', actually
true. true.
Frye.
knows celerity is a better power >.>
hit someone with a wrench!
  +kellanium  lol
but that's what i'm saying
are plenty of weak female characters whose participation in the plot is vital
don't tell me how to live my life!
the fact is that most of them don't have any motivations of thier own
Widow, in the marvel movies, for instance
know almost nothing about her
is, however, better than a lot of SFCs
trinityfromthematrix cough*
hot and violent badass. the quirky technologist. the barbie.
  +kellanium  yes.
  +kellanium  exactly
couldn't think of any others. i think those are the main 3.
i can't either
the first one is Black Widow
is that chick from firefly
is buffy
yes.
i'd watch that. get to work on the screenplay.
/try/ to watch it but it would probably cause all kinds of skin-crawlies
  +kellanium  yup
i just hate joss whedon with a burning fucking passion
WORST self-congratulatory white liberal man
wait wait... Hollywood is starting to get the message!
  +kellanium  ?
been getting a whole slew of ~inspirational~ stories of trans women coming out!
we?
musta missed those.
haven't seen a one
me too
yeah... written and acted by cis white dudes
:P
that's not even funny
yay visibility!
not offended
want to stay but i need nachos! arrrrrgh. check my logs when i get back. bye bye bzzzzzzzzzzz
my sarcasm is overloading
it's not funny
  +cirvinfox  </sarcasm>
just sad
it's not supposed to be funny, it's supposed to be pointed
was
pointed, in fact, that i'm bleeding
  +kellanium  ow
stabbed me
cismale white guys understand all about trans issues -.-
they can certainly empathize with being castrated...
about a story about a trans woman who slowly discovers herself through college and early adulthood, and maintains a few relationships but slowly finds out she's nto a real person, then transitions and hits rough spots but ultimately comes out in the end as a real person and lives that way with hope?
LIKE THAT IDEA
can dream....
caps
why not they try my story :I
should be writing this shit
working my through these books.
maybe she never wears a skirt, and maybe she doesnt try to modify her voice all that much
honestly can't watch a lot of media about things that have caused me trauma in my life: transition, rape, domestic violence... and it's not because those things still cause me trauma. Fuck... I read and write and interact with those things intimately /every single day/. The problem is that the media that is created about these things feels, to me, to be a dog-and-pony show for /other people/.
  +kellanium  AMEN!
feel that these media take what is extremely personal and pervert it into a thing of /entertainment/ for peolpe who don't, and can never, understand.
comes to terms with shit and I still cannot bear to watch rape scenes in films. -.-'
if it's not a rape scene... if it's just /about/ rape
or a newspaper article.
like... these things are /problems/. I interact with people who are /in crisis/ because of these things /every day/. They are things that need to be fucking uncomfortable for the rest of us because they /need to be fucking changed/. It just... it feels like a violation of everything I stand for to see my struggle being trivialized into a pre-packaged commodity for those who don't have to struggle with this to consume!
that's the thing
can watch [some] documentaries just /fine/
can handle a documentary about sex slave trading but I can't handle a Law and Order:SVU episode
watched one episode of that and never again, it doesn't deal with the issue in any meaningful way
is kinda cathartic
guys go to prison
  +libbies  :(
like to preface my thoughts on the matter of SVU with the stipulation that i have not been raped
is thew rong word
  +kellanium  anyway
my parents are huge mystery buffs and a few months ago we watched this one episode of this one show that was about a woman who was emotionally manipulated and beaten and... I sat behind them because I couldn't bear to be looked at and I didn't say anything but the episode was very similar to something that happened /to me/ and not one ounce of acknowledgement did I get...
is really gross because they compromise a moral standing for ~drama~
face it, rape is inexcusable in any circumstance
the emotional impact of... like this extended expose of the woman telling the cops about /horrible fucking abuse/ that her character had done to her? "oh wow... he's a really bad guy."
that's the other thing...
  +Euryale  fiction...
black-and-white morality doesn't play well with the general public because it's "not interesting"
often I feel that the audience's reaction is 'oh my gosh! that's so horrible! I'm so glad this is make-believe!'
the thing is that a lot of what rape and other portrayals of injustice are is a source of /catharsis/ for the audience. The audience feels /anxious/ about these social problems and seeing them happen on the screen and seeing the perp punished...
it brings the audience catharsis
helps the audience emotionally handle their own anxiety
IT SHOULDN'T
it does jack shit to solve the actual problem
it does is reinforce the idea that people who do unspeakable things are brought to justice and that there is /order in the world/ and that...
and doesn't help survivors in the least.
for no other reason, that enables rape culture, it enables transmisogyny, it enables racism, it enables...
EXACTLY
risk of sticking my foot in my mouth: it's the same phenomenon when the mainstream media creates dramas about the injustice of slavery
other /things/
least the ones where there's a /satisfying ending/
an emotionally satisfying ending
feel that public discussions of social injustice, of any kind, need to inspire action, not exist solely for entertainment
or 'education'
can't follow up on that
celerity is busted
in newer editions of v:tm they fix it? doubtful
never got it anywhere that's not broken one way or the other
need to finish bloodlines
  bekabug blech.
  +LambdaSix  ?
told me to try cod liver oil for my adhd ... i went to walgreens and they were buy 1 get 1 on lots of their supplements. got two bottles of cherry flavored cod liver oil.
is more like cod liver scented. i'm trying not to throw up.
mean cherry scented. lol
have liquid tablets that I take so I don't have to taste the cod liver -.-
tablets are the way to go with anything gross and oily
it's not actually cod liver oil, it's synthetic vegan suppleents, still tastes awful
make me burp
then i burp fish oil all night. i'm hoping this doesn't do the same because I HAVE A LOT OF OIL NOW
can also swirl a teaspoon of cod liver oil into a few ounces of fresh orange juice, too.
citrus fish juice for breakfast.
think mine is from flax seed oil or something
  bekabug bleh
price would be proud
  to09mmy Hi
  to09mmy Hi
  +LadyCailin hahahahaha
of my norwegian flashcards is: Han er en stor drittsekk
is a big asshole
  +yar  whoosh
for ##feminism
not drink an entire pot of tea at 9 PM
is a bad idea for like 12 different reasons
after drinking an entire pot of tea at 9 pm and realizing this is a bad idea, going “oh well another pot will fix this” is ALSO a stupid idea
  +enchilado  Hahaha
  +Keilana  *sigh*
i should brew some tea
must not like the heat :(
I don't see anything wrong with that behavior
you should try another pot of tea
just depends on whether you need to do stuff tomorrow
you don't, drink ALL THE TEA
\o/
:)
not a bad idea if it's herbal tea
  +enchilado  Chamomile!
always need to do stuff tomorrow :P
I do now have a pot of masala chai :D
stop making me thirsty. Thank you :(
morning/good evening :)
  +LambdaSix  *wave*
  +AbigailBuccaneer ahoyhoy
tachikoma wow
  +LambdaSix  CYBERTELEVISION
away for today and tomorrow, all alone ;-;
the upside tho
boys
out for summer! boys out forever!
but sex >_>
with boys? i don't see how that'd work
  +AbigailBuccaneer :P
if the devil came up and was like "i can poof all the boys if you never have sex again" i'd be like K
the tough sacrifices so the rest of us can live a blissful life
  +LambdaSix  #NotAllBoys
  +LambdaSix  :P
  +LambdaSix  s/boys/men/g
find friends in london :o
wonder if that counts as vegetarian
as a vegetarian i hope not >.>
on the definition of vegetarian, if that means "no meat' or "not from animals"... but even in thhe second case i'm not sure as the meat is produced by stemcells retrieved from an animal, so technically it still is from an animal ...
i would not think this of being vegetarian but also am sure other opinions will arise when this will be more common
i agree, i read the article on vice in german which was a bit better, but just searchsd a simila article in english for this channel
mean, curing hunger? the hunger problem is not that there’s not enough meat, because if that was the problem people would just eat more vegetables. (people in many parts of the world already do.) the problem is that the resources are unevenly distributed.
  +LambdaSix  yeah
you like sleeping in....
not have children until you are ready to kiss that goodbye
pouring down with the rain here
yeah, children and sleeping in don;t mix well - however, last weekend my oldest daughter (she is 5) told me that we should stay in bed as she will take care of making breakfast and playing with our smallest. I have to say although not sure what would happen i was able to stay in bed until 10 o clock although sleeping was impossible due to the noise ;)
aww that was sweet
  +SaturnMoriya d'awwwwe
woke up to someone clawing at my face and ripping open my eyelid
was not sweet.
totally, she even cleaned up the kitchen which was the biggest surprise
Was it a little human, or an animal?
  +SaturnMoriya hmm
human with animal sharp nails
  bekabug hah
was once baby sitting a friends son, and the neurotic cat scratches my knee pit in the middle of the night. Freaked me out, I thought I dreamt it, until 10 minutes later the cat did it again.
  bekabug haha
back to work :)
to say, I didn't let that cat sleep in the same room. Little guy woke me up the next morning at 6 AM. I convinced him to cuddle and sleep for another hour.
sleepy
i'm trying to write vim macros before coffee. this is stupid.
"before coffee" bit or the "trying to write vim macros" bit?
coffee
a vim macro seems like a sensible thing to do
always found it to be a little ... arcane
  bekabug vim?
  +cirvinfox  VIM!
scripting in particular
like vim in general
or, this is why :w shows up in ALL of my documents
  bekabug lol
been using vim for like a month now?
I may or may not have a bash alias for :wq...
awesome
o.o
only thing that i keep going back to komodo for is my searching and replacing
:wq='echo "lol, vim user..." ; sleep 1 ; exit'
i mark up a document i change all special characters to html entities
  +libbies  oh
it's impossibly hard to do in vim
i might have to steal that
feel like a bit of a traitor though, I've actualy moved more and more of my work to PyCharm
i just tried it and i already moved the sleep 1
  +libbies  <.<
  +libbies  removed*
jetbrains' IDEs are awesome, and having a graphical python debugger is so useful
changed it to .25 seconds
only put the 'sleep 1' in there because otherwise I wouldn't see the message before my terminal went away
i have no problem with IDEs so long as i can NOT use them just as easily as use them
oh indeed, I still don't have much patience for languages/ecosystems that are impossible without an IDE
.4 seconds seems to be a good balance between getting out of my way quickly and still seeing the message
sure if anything but gnu sleep works with floating point numbers though
im on a freebsd machine, i can check
to work, though its not explicitly stated
is this so hard
makes  “Crime   “ldquo;Crime
I'm doing a project on feminism at school, could I talk to you guys about it?
here?
that was quick
that was close.
  bekabug lol
feel like a lot of people on IRC dont understand IRC
lot of people on IRC don't know what IRC is
what's irc
just click a button on a website and end up in a "chatroom"...
that's ok.
what's a chatroom
i'm using vim and i have no idea what in the hell i'm doing
god how did I get here I am not good with computers
here? I'd like to talk to you all about feminism
anyone?
which reminds me, once upon a time "webtv" used an IRC network I'm on as the backend for their chat application...
what's feminism?
patience is a virtue
I thought this was a feminism chat room...
I shall wait
down. no it's a feminist SPACE
  bekabug difference.
the difference?
meant lots and lots of idiots with the "19/m/fl ne laideez wanna cyber" shit in the main channel...
didn't even realise that there were people there that weren't there for the same reason as them
feminist chat means we tlak about feminism, feminist space means we are feminists and this is our place to talk abotu whatever we wish
  Thunderhawk OK
if you're looking for an introduction to feminism and want to learn, look at the links in /topic
blown.
Thunderhawk
I just wanted to talk to some feminists cuz I'm doing a school project on it, but I need first person accounts n such
does one cite IRC in a school paper
is perhaps not the place for that
I wanted some opinions of some stuff that happened
did once. it didn't go over well with my teacher =(
what sort of 'accounts'?
in peoples opinions
i will totally make up horrible stuff and you will fail your project
probably the same as a conversation
I ask some stuff then, or is this the wrong place?
like an internet chat room is maybe not the place to do this but ...eh... kids these days
is dead, i tell ya!
sounds like a good idea
you can ask, but be ready to actually listen.
have other sources n such, just wanted to get some real people opinions and not some random article
  Thunderhawk OK,
I would imagine asking is fine, yes
do you know we're real people and not chatbots
sounds like bs to me. can i get voiced before the channel gets moderated?
certainly not a real person
that's my feel too, lol
this is feminism, not abstract philosophy!
you know that whole stuff with the Rosetta comet, and the guy in charge being forced to public ally apologise for his shirt? Do you agree with that?
at first, I guessed so, but then I realised, a lot of feminists fight for the right to wear whatever clothing they wish and not getting it dictated to them, but then apparently this doesn't apply to men, according to what happened
elizzza :3
coming.
can feel it. the man tears are coming.
  +libbies  !femops
are man tears?
the shirt was tacky as fuck, and inappropriate for the environment and situation
fuck that shirt.
what class is this for?
history, we are looking at social movements that started a while back but are still happening
should apologize because it casts a 'science is a boys club' view on what he does, which is not cool.
that shirt indeed. I need to buy more pads so I might as well use that
never seen equivalent shirts for women... are they a thing?
he doesn't have the right to wear clothing which may be deemed inappropriate, but women do? That's what I'm gathering, correct me if I'm wrong
  bekabug omg
think it says a lot that literally wearing women as decoration is seen as a thing worthy of production costs and stuff...
  Thunderhawk What
you're conflating two very different things
i dont have the right to wear obscene clothing at work
are the ops ;__;
don't see what was wrong with the shirt, it just had some pinup anime girls on it, where's the harm in that?
we go
+cirvinfox   he should apologize because it casts a 'science is a boys club' view on what he does, which is not cool.
why do you need first person accounts on this?
  bekabug !femops
then you're not thinkinky about the whole situation
i suggest you read the links in the title and open your mind a little bit
my teacher said getting balanced view points from both first person and articles gives higher levels
do I need to open my mind? I see myself as having a relatively open mind
so full of shit
well, obviously
of you have ops? :(
  +libbies  !femops
the person verbally abusing me, whereas I'm trying to keep a level head and asking fair questions
  +libbies  yay!
  bekabug ahhh
so satisfying ... even as a spectator
male tears
of how you feel about the subject, that was probably one of the least valid directions to try and attack it :|
the worst troll, good effort
they had their mind made up
language was pretty obvious. chances of that being a legit case is pretty slim
do all these trolls use kiwiirc
that guy from the other day who just wanted to talk
supersayan
to talk feminism to feminism
you can run kiwi irc through a proxy
you can mask your IP if you're banned
missed that. what did he just want to talk about? how feminists are ruining all his fun?
kind of thing as thunderhawk. "i just want to get your opinions!"
fishing for "feminists told me X!" anecdotes, clearly...
i can't even get vim to do a search and replace yet so.......
huh neat
it sounds like what you were wanting was more complicated than just a search and replace?
don't even know what i'm reading right now
  +libbies  sed~
also possible for bash i think
another instance of me being on pastebin again im sure ><
thunderhawk?
don't know how to do a multi-search-and-replace in vim either (as in mapping elements of X to elements of Y)
i need to do that i save and exit and use sed <.<;;
my command was supposed to do that..i thought. all lines, search, replace this/with this/globally
most likely
i love about vim - you searhc for 'vim search and replace' and find pages with titles like "Vi and Vim Editor: 12 Powerful Find and Replace Examples" ... :)
need a fly swatter and all these things are like "HERE you can build a cannon!"
that's actually where i got my example. i've got that page open in a tab here. and it doesn't work :(
weird, should work, let me chack
regex fail. i have to escape the &
I can identify with the obsessive need to "solve the general probelm"
  Alan  *problem
really important
general i agree, but sometimes someone just wnats to get something done and i try to respect that as well
late I'm just like "meh, whatever works"
the proportion (as opposed to the absolute number) of the world's people living on less than a dollar a day"
wow, talk about a goalpost that solves itself
inflation can take care of that
entirely the wrong problem
works here fine, what are you trying? A common mistake is that people forget that the `s/orig/new/g` command only works on the current line
for the range applies it to the entire docment tachikoma
replace in a whole file you need to write %s instead of just s
problem was that i had to escape the &
  bekabug :%s/“/\&ldquo;/g
thats of course required.
  bekabug :|
  +libbies  ^
  +libbies  :|
course lol
These more accurate parameters suggest that the story of global poverty is much worse than the spin doctored versions we are accustomed to hearing. The $1.25 threshold is absurdly low, but it remains in favour because it is the only baseline that shows any progress in the fight against poverty, and therefore justifies the present economic order. Every other line tells the opposite story. In
tiny babies know this.
even the $1.25 line shows that, without factoring China, the poverty headcount is worsening, with 108 million people added to the ranks of the poor since 1981.
could go with less "well duh of course"s in my life, after i've figured stuff out on my own
remmeber the moment i found a way to have the linux find command  output the filenames quoted so i could run the output through a while loop and operate on the files without them being separated at the space ...
now pls
knows my feels
from men .-.
i forget it often enough - not a baby anymore ;)
yes, using "value of unskilled labour in a global market" as a "social improvement" baseline seems fundamentally flawed
it was not meant that way
ok :)
  +SaturnMoriya freaking
vim's find-and-replace escaping is somewhat-asinine
  +SaturnMoriya humanity
it's semi-magic-not-matching-anything-else-ever rules
  +SaturnMoriya jeesh
just want it to work lol you know? i don't need to learn vimscript and all this nonsense. i just need to get my job done.
knew shit was getting worse but I didn't know they were actively denying it
chumbawamba was more on point than they knew themselves
i like that, thanks - did not know chumbawamba
  +SaturnMoriya yeah
ever should be listening to that album
it's not that big of a leap of logic to figure that it's still pretty bad elsewhere
uses the original "band aid" as a jumpstart to lay out the biggest problems of poverty
it's very easy to be ignorant and apathetic
using those words way too much lol
was the reason i started boycotting unilever lol
  +SaturnMoriya yeaaaaaaaaaaah
a zillion forevers ago
think i was 16 or something?
you don't want to feed the world, if you just want to feed your bank balance wash your guilt awaaa-aaa-aay
to clean those dirty hands and a slap for the people who work the land
  bekabug whitewash
let's nail cliff richards on a cross lol
never met anyone who knew about early chumbawamba
think most people just know tubthumping >.>
sad that the song they're most known for is tubthumping
  +SaturnMoriya yeah
  bekabug ^
they used their pop times well
in spent all the earnings on anticonsumerism among things
remember singing along to one of my dad’s chumbawamba records when i was about 6 or something. having no idea what it meant of course.
about snog...any snog fans in here?
snog)
one ever knows snog lol
like snogging
that count?
counts but is diff'rent
:(
bekabug I'll check out their discography sometime
  bekabug :D
all about anticorporate/anticonsumerism stuffs.
they made a shitton of albums though
right up my alley :3
you are ok with electronic beats you'll be right at home with them
mean chumbawamba took that route so
okay with anything that's not emptyheaded pop
you need drums and guitars you may not dig it so much
gangsta rap
dance for the sake of dance
get it
hear ya
tells us what to do and what to say and what to think, how to act and how to lie but never question. why?
they're so good
5 albums for me easily
first album i listened to was "Buy me, i'll change your life" and whoa goddamn did it ever
advertising i ever got hit with
  +SaturnMoriya haha
brilliant
of starving children in part had me falling back into depression
hit me so hard
  bekabug :(
feel better for it
back! get angry instead!
really alive before thar
  +SaturnMoriya that*
I am angry
need some people around me irl to start activisming
understand apathy. everything seems so big.
just easy
says it's all okay
just can't tho. i'm angry like 99% of the day lol
it's so hard to ignore once you know
will do me wonders
i'm angry about everything. circumcising babies. agribusiness. net neutrality.
really disappointed in  humanity
did we let it go this far
thoght you were transitioned
are our leaders so blind
assumed. guess i shouldn't do that >.>
worries~
doesn't matter online
  bekabug greed.
it is the subject
all boils down to that and it's disgusting.
all sounds like such a cliché
have been yelling to stop it forever
is more reinforcement to ignore the issues
wanna start a punk band lol
when you bring it up you get called a communist
  +SaturnMoriya uhu
OK WANNA FIGHT ABOUT IT?!
because communism is inherently flawed
  bekabug rar.
mean we should be content with capitalism
  +SaturnMoriya jfc
  bekabug truth.
hi
  bekabug hello!
I get to talk to someone who gets it p:
  bekabug ^_^
the puking after "whitewash"
forgot about that
  bekabug >.<
thing
memoriam margaret thatcher was a really good move
is under control. you've got your script and you've got your role. you love it. inflated, celebrated celebrity droids. cash-cowed, kow-towed, epty addled paranoids."
  bekabug *empty
crass, right
saved my life
it punk?
  +SaturnMoriya yeah
i don't know a whole lot of punk
bands
pacifist punk
a new one for me
libbies!
barely cared about their sound for a while so it sounds like shit maybe
let's deliver a message and make something happen
they did
they made the best feminist album ever
it's technobecca
o.o
was she banned
asked me if i was this person in another channel lol
they cricitised punk for going all violent and closeminded
becoming a trend
be honest...i can't listen to most punk because it just hurts my ears and brain. which feels really shallow of me but i just can't do it
no worriess
you handle the song I linked?
pretty mild
now SaturnMoriya
maybe it was in here...
this is great
eve libertine takes the vocals halway through I forgot
so good
avantgarde
the point I'm getting from this song is that large-scale governance is futile and necessitates oppression
  +SaturnMoriya yerps
anti-violence
it warren buffet who clearly stated that what is happening in the world right ow is a class war of rich against poor that was started by the rioch and that the rich are winning? That made a lot of things clearer to me when i read that ...
that's exactly it
it was in here. i don't have logging on :(
  +SaturnMoriya it's
absolute best
them
the endgame? kill all the poor people?
what
I can appreciate an anti-violence sentiment, but these things tend to be pretty light on ideas of how to effect change in some other way
i think it's morwe along the lines 'get back to full blown slavery'
killing the poor is unprofitable.
the poor is profitable though
I agree
also listen to aus-rotten p:
thats not a nice word in german ...
  +SaturnMoriya yeah
does it mean
listened to a lot of really awfull german punk bands when i was younger ... thay all had these kind of names :)
exterminate
also on the fence about music as political message though - I tend to prefer melody rather than message in my music, and trying to make a song steers things towards trite soundbites....
is american
  bekabug oh.
  bekabug hah
i did not know this word exists also in the english language
heard it
is about direct action
that violence is necessary
term was used in nazi germany to describe what should be done with jews back then ... so not a good word to use here ...
that's how the punk bands use it
tell you our modern world leaders have alot in common with nazis
seems to me that there's a good reason most "successful" revolutions come in the form of a military coup
to violence still only works if the state's instrument of violence is broken in some other way
true
started their own DIY label p:
got to be a concise name for the belief that the best option is the human race being eradicated, right?
great stuff rom there
ive seen copying done with silicone and resins
it all!
i'm getting old - some years ago i would have liked 'aus-rotten' i think, but it is a bit too stressfull now ... :(
i actually kinda started doing that :p
awesome!
got it
just gotta learn how to cope while this world is what it is
at the same time not rejecting change
one of my main reasons for being depressed
family issues, gender dysphoria and being antisocial
  bekabug hm.
you live on your own SaturnMoriya
  +SaturnMoriya nop
parents still
liveable and I wouldn't stay on my feet alone
at least german punk still works fine for me - it's a bit more melodic than us punk - at least in average... the really interesting thing is that punk texts from the 80s still work perfect on the current governement/society
  +SaturnMoriya uhu
you how little we've progressed
listen to both us and uk punk
punk is also different imho
I also liked it a lot
is
like it
of us punk is really narrowminded (black flag)
henry rollins
 do ' need to commented out too?
problem with german punk is that a lot of it focuses less on political issues but on getting drunk and wasting your life ...
feel like a loser as a punk, listen to not as diy stuff
yeah that's the punk I reject
yes, otherwise it is interpreted as quote
about .
should not be quoted i think
really like "Die Skeptiker" - they were a east german punk band that i learned of after the reunification, and they are political only .. the texts were pretty aggressive towards the existing system and when i was younger that just was what i wanted to hear
is translated "germany - shut up!"
song that tells you to throw bricks into butcher shops and glue locks and sabotage cars and such
up cars of rich fat people? but then they'll just need more bailouts to pay for replacements, right?
play it again now because it fits so perfectly what germany/IMF is doing to greece right now ....
it's punk, not a masterminds plan to fix the world ;)
top 5 punk bands: 5-subhumans. 4-aus-rotten. 3-conflict. 2-chumbawamba. 1-crass
all associated acts
stuff
don;t know that many us punk bands, whan i was listening to that stuff there was no internet yet and also i did not exactly know a lot of other punks ...
what's the era of that?
knew the ones already big in germany at that time, like bad religion or dead kennedys
song, i mean
era? the song is from 1991, so shortly after the german reunification.
kennedys were amazing
biafra still is
everything else on Alternative Tentacles
that's not a hentai
a record label
i loved dead kennedys, still hear them today, actullay got them on my phones playlist right now
I see... did the artist see germany's reunification economic rise as a sort of fourth reich attempt?
no, i think it was just a general song against the evergrowing atempt of germany to get more influence in the world, not by military but by economical means mostly.
in the actual hell, Microsoft Word? i'm doing what is a &#xA0;&#xA0; and why is this document full of them >:[
that not basically the same thing?
did turn out to work if you look at the state of the EU now and how grecce gets screwed
the EU seems very germany-dominated, especially on economic matters
breaking space'
it's the same thing in the end, the process in between draws way less attention though ...
... are you in the unenviable position of having to extract text out of Word documents to be useful somewhere else?
yes
  +SaturnMoriya haha
have you tried really big magnets?
is rude on that
all the bytes to stick to the side of the computer
lol
then sweep them out?
really big magnet approach is great :)
  bekabug lol
don't think magnets hurt SSDs
so that means your crap like "smart quotes" are cp1252 and not utf8?
wonder - the whole greece issue would be solved instantly when germany simply would pay back the reparation costs from world war 2 - which we never did. We basically told greece "later" ... "later" ... "later" ... "later" ... " too late"
encoding almost, but not quite, entirely unlike iso-8859-1
it's ok, I think Russia's going to beat you to the next "embarassed nation getting back on its feet and then lashing out" cycle
that would be about 300 billion euro ... about what greece needs right now.
wait, they already have
and repeat are amazing. tpope deserves an award.
needs to chill the fuck out
still - the way we tricked greece to not get ay reparations is ugly
by getting sent into space without survival equipment
i did not know that. rather hypocritical of them being all hyperass on greece then.
  +tachikoma  exactly
what's the feeling of "the german people" like these days?  is it on the nationalist end of things ore on the compassionate end of things?
I almost fear a power vacuum more than Putin remaining...
  +SaturnMoriya haha
still find it insane that Putin is more popular in Australia than Abbott
is a strong force
never paid, always said "later" with some reason. Then wehn germany got reunited - the two germanies, france, russia, the us and england were involved in the talks. And their created a document which is something with the legal status of a peacy treaty. And in that document they wrote that germany does from now on not have to pay any more reparations. And now we wave that toward greee and tell them "too late. Greece was never involved in the creat
deal.
hard to say - i think it is quite spilt. on the one hand you have pegida and these openly nationalist movements and on the other hand you have quite some integration of foreigners now...
was never involved in a treaty that waived their right to reparations?
that's messed up
problem here mainly is the media - they seem to have a general directive to create a picture of greece as bad as they can...
new but
messed up
that sounds like government influence to me...
socialist greeks trying to steal our money!"
even here...they get painted as lazy welfare lovers that don't want to work or pay taxes and be on permanent vacation
there is one media company which writes that greece people have hidden 100 billion euro offshore - and every other newspapaer just copies it. Turns out that the hnumber was 100 million - but once the mistake was corrected - the message was already out and added to the "lazy, corrupt greece" picture that people get laid out if they don't dig a bit by themself to understand the situation
what I've seen in the media, greece had ended up in a position of indentured servitude to the EU
don;t make this kind of errors opn such a relevant issue ...
think its somewhat the same as with ireland and italy before, just that the current left wing governement in greece does not play bey the rules while the other two did.
would they?
most recent greek election was effectively an austerity referendum, wasn't it?
nation was saved there nor was it a national crisis. It always was a banking crisis in disguise. Money only goes to these countries so they can pay back their debt to (mainly french and german) banks so these banks don't crash.
in, the way the battle was framed
yeah, there's a real problem when private entities have so much power over nations
they are effectively holding those nations' economies hostage
therefore get the bailouts because nobody wants to rock the boat too much
could also say that it was a transfer from bank laons to IMF loans - with the added feature that the IMF requires certain "reforms" in the countries that get money from them.
the reforms were dictated by mostly germany
i doubt that i have to explain here what the IMf is and what they do to countries
  +SaturnMoriya uhu
/foo/ / ?foo? ?
for search and replcae i usually use sed ;) but I am not saying that this is in any way better than vim ....
almighty. %s/.[\xA0]\{2}/bleh/
no way i'm ever going to learn this stupid regex shit
regexes are not too bad, once you get the hang of it. unfortunatelly the syntax used by vi corresponds to neither standards, and there are N+1 different implementations each having its own extensions
one could also use inline perl code - but that is exponentionally more pain if you go down the regexp path and reach the point of having code embedded in the expression ...
does vim's regex implementation permit that?
no idea, but i've mostly seen it in use with perl
  bekabug ;_;
good news is i just need to get this right ONCE
easy to remember - these times you hit your head repeatedly against the wall ;)
are almost, but not completely unlike regulat expressions
  nortti  *regular
not on a friday evening ;)
  nortti  hehee
can be insteresting, but i need to be in the mood ...
see
heading home, have a nice weekend!
too
only there was a term for what happens when the dominant social group in a culture consistently distrusts the things that women say and insists that they REALLY want what they’ve repeatedly said they don’t want…
i get that on tshirt?
is fantastic, GorillaWarfare
why so sad?
shit... it just slipped my mind. I think Tumblr come up with a word... it started with a P? Probably some stupid acronym.
  bekabug xD
wifi poops out on me, hexchat chooses sadder and sadder nicknames for me
thats.. sad!
sense thoug, nice
day is tomorrow.
does the word also end in -chy, I think I might have heard of it somewhere
  +Euryale  yes!
yes, I think it was derived from latin for "father". probably due to those crazy SJWs having daddy issues /s
I learned how to be a misogynist in norwegian. lol. My flash cards are teaching me cuss words and stuff now.
useful?
let those other women know their place!
or just babble at me as I stare at you confusedly
too much of an elitist to celebrate tabletop day
get to judge children on their problem solving skills tomorrow
woman is being charged with 'lynching' after pulling her comrade from police custody as rescue. Using ancient law designed to prosecute klansmen and the like who try to kidnap black people in police custody for lynching.
  +amelia_  :/
  bekabug what
  bekabug the
  bekabug fuck
someone named azalyn used to hang out in here
subject change)
can have a look
never been here
you
I have a norwegian potty mouth now :>
mouth is used as a Norwegian potty? Oh my :O
of a cussafrussinbeeepitybeep
Sønn av en cussafrussinbeeepitybeep
  bekabug :D
another good one: Menn er drittsekker
are assholes
  +LadyCailin lol
flash cards are kinda amazing
  bekabug bravo
well, the flashcards didn't say that
I learned drittsekk from it
card was something like "Han er en stor drittsekk"
is a big asshole
  +LadyCailin lol
tho...you're learning asshole. so many opportunities for communication there.
:D
can also compliment someone's breasts.
  +LadyCailin lol
handy
don't know if i would be uncomfortable or pleased if someone complimented my breasts. guess it depends on the person.
I wouldn't compliment a stranger's breasts
someone noticed mine i'd be suprised.
it's good to know when someone is trying to slut shame me, or creep on me in Norwegian.
KittenGNU ever compliments my breasts, it'll be nice to understand. lol
  +amelia_  :P
  bekabug :D
  +cirvinfox  :p
... what
  +LadyCailin lol
I'm learning how to be a potty mouth in norsk currently in my norsk flashcards
I'm not sure what kind of Norwegian "compliments" to breats you're refering to
the flashcard was: Hun har fine bryster
  +KittenGNU  ...
assumed from context that you two are dating or something but now i'm just lost
What kind of flashcards are you reading
I'm learning Norwegian. KittenGNU knows Norwegian. lol
...
are the anki flashcards I've found
  bekabug >.>
it's because she's norwegian. that is a really weird thing to say then.
it was a joke. lol
It's also not the crude way dickweeds harass people with either
is kind of formal
pupper is the slang one
tror
jeg
  +KittenGNU  xD
and yes, you're correct
pupper"
  +LadyCailin lol
know, they're mine" C:
  +LadyCailin xD
deadline to file your taxes is in 5 days, April 15, 2014."
did april go!?
  bekabug ffffff
electronically and get direct deposit and you'll have your return in like, a week.
  bekabug yeah
dependents, they said. you'll get huge tax refunds, they said.
  +Euryale  LIARS!
hell. this ACA stuff is COMPLICATED
i still haven't done my taxes. luckily i am a poor student so it's not like i owe the government any money
one mercy of the UK tax system is that you generally don't have to do taxes. It just happens.
set my withholding to 0 last year. so i was holding my breath. yay for not owing.
– You Finished Your Taxes
no longer wish to adult. somone plez come adult 4 me.
  +LadyCailin lol
until they mess it up and overcharge you, of course. >.>
thank you
  +LadyCailin hehe
så god (you're welcome!)
  Sagila09  hello
Sagila09
  Sagila09  Hey
are you?
okay
brings you 'round here, Sagila09?
want to talk about things related to feminism
is not something that people like to talk about elsewhere. At least that is my experience.
enough
shit that's dark
:(
shit.
wtf wtf
  compl4xx  satire?
The Onion is satirical
onion is a satire site
  +epi  conversion*
that you'd need much to have so
be a decent human being
be discriminating christians? totalitarian asshole :P
that was polarizing
  +Kaiserina  errr
  +Kaiserina  awkward
  bekabug >.>
u wut
  bekabug o.o
  +zetkin wat
care to elaborate
a western context that's like saying "u be discriminating against men? totalitarian asshole"
not in Lebanon or Iraq
tense
got the impression compl4xx wasn't being serious
anyway those conversion "therapists" should b in jail
I think it was a joke but I wanted to make sure
Keilana kirjatoukka KittenGNU LadyCailin LambdaSix libbies\bbl locas meltedesco morganq mxtm nuit OlaHughson pandorastar pinkieval piti riddim songarchaeology svaksha tachikoma
yar zetkin [0x1f415] aawe ahf aklapcin aklapcin_ Alan ali Alicia alyx Argent__ bajin bekabug CGML colons cscorley DaZ deSouza
discopig dv- elizzza Emi- fiyarburst geraldbrent Guerillero idem-pyon-tent inf iocis ishanyx justJanne justMaku KingEdgar Kolby lb5tr LennyKitty Liebknecht LoRez
mciancia meeple meowthhh modulus modulus_ MoeD moondoggy munch nortti petn-randall q3k rdema ReginaAway Riskii speak stoopkid systemd Tjis TMM
topdownjimmy tsumetai udevd WalrusPony Wiktor yashi
Keilana kirjatoukka KittenGNU LadyCailin LambdaSix libbies\bbl locas meltedesco morganq mxtm nuit OlaHughson pandorastar pinkieval piti riddim songarchaeology svaksha tachikoma
  +mxtm !femops
  justJanne huh?
  stoopkid  hello
  +Keilana  :)
gud
  +mxtm omg
  +erisrenee  What
my goodness
  +mxtm CUTIES
  +erisrenee  Just
^w^
THEY'RE SO CUTE
  +Keilana  :D
  +erisrenee  Happened
  +erisrenee  Ow
like to use trolls spamming to share cute otters with the chan)
i thought you weren't coming back here
Monday isn't a thing anymore
  +erisrenee  So
  +erisrenee  Hiiii
isn't? :(
also I'm totally hating myself right now and am super suicidally depressed
  +erisrenee  Oh
why didn't you like Misandry Monday?
me to call?
new women joining are silenced
  +enchilado  Ah
enough I guess
usually chat is fairly inactive on Mondays partially as a result
me
YES THAT IS MY PHONE BACKGROUND
I'm not at home
  +Keilana  well
was. then I found otter in a boot
if you want to guess where i am
where you at
inactive than dominated by men :p
not at home
this channel should never be dominated by men. On any day
just Monday
  +enchilado  \o/
are you with Astrid?
all menz
we can tell
  justJanne true.
well?
just on the couch here, talking about stuff
to feel less dead inside
don't really know how
  +erisrenee  OK...
with Kat...
Yeah
sok
mom is coming tomorrow
lol
  +libbies\bbl  :(
  +erisrenee  Oh
  +erisrenee  Ew
hope things start looking up 4 u libbies
lol
sucks 2 hear about so many comrades on here depressed
lol lol lo lol lol lol lol lol lol lol etc
play something 4 u on piano if u were chilling here
where are you btw
south america
i mean
  +libbies\bbl  kk
in canada or something
wanna confuse ppl and think i'm brazilian lol
i've always wanted 2 go 2 canada and become an illegal immigrant
the coldness scares me
  +Kaiserette o.O
just want dat health care lol
psh
not that cold
/now/ it isn't!
still way colder than i've ever been in prob
lying anyway, it's cold as fuck
  +riddim lol
just logged into a forum i've been on 4 years and got some nasty pms 4 posting against some reactionary anti women shit the other day. it just blows my mind that (online at least) u get more hate be…
a feminist than being a commie
because it's full of men
gotten racist shit almost everywhere i've posted and mentioned i was black, but the shit women must deal w is unimaginable
me wonder about some korean style shit where u gotta have id 2 post online, but that cuts both ways as it'd hurt radical communities as well
no
women who get doxxed
would you want that
mean like a state thing where u have id associated w ur online accounts, not that it's available 2 the public
is it available to? and how do you keep them from abusing it?
i'm not seriously arguing in favor of this, i just think there needs 2 b some proactive measures taken against women haters online
can't imagine the state is really up to that task though
the cops
lol
I mean is there less internet sexism in korea?
think if the state pushed hard against a few, like gg ppl, it would change the culture a bit that allows this harassment 2 occur
ppl have done more than just say mean shit, they've likely broken a few laws
sure they have, but laws are always enforced unevenly
guess it's just like
don't really think anything would'v ebeen done different if they were less anonymous
I guess I could just be jaded
don't have any faith in the bourgeois state taking meaningful steps 2 eliminate sexism either
just pissed off i guess
who in here is responsible for introducing me/us to Sookee?
e<3
to give to teens who are victims of non-sexual child abuse should /not/ be this difficult to find
if anyone knows where it /can/ be found, that would be /amazing/
  +libbies  mmm
been through that situation before, and i didn't find anything, and i would appreciate you letting me know if you do end up finding anything
  +Euryale  okay
topic also just completely fucked over my mood
know a lot of trans kids getting fucking shit on for being trans, and there's shit all I can do for them
it fucking kills me inside sometimes
too...
  +libbies  fuck
religious parents who believe that their religion is more important than their kids
their kids ~eternal soul~, libbies!
wrong chan sorry
anything, the random mass pingers that come in here at least remind me that feminism still exists
I don't even understand mass pinging
not like its that annoying
if you pinged and then said some fucked up shit maybe
just gets my hopes up that someone sent me a message, and then dashes them when I find out it was just a mass ping
is mass pinging
think its when a bot comes in and says everyones name so their irc clients notify everyone
yeah that shit is pointless, idk y they do that
guess it could just be a normal ping too
thought they just ran out of shit 2 spam honestly
  SamuelM haiiiii
new here! :)))
SamuelM
probably something to be said here about looking in a void and the void looking back ...
  +void|afk hah
void of eternal happiness. :)
  +libbies  ooooooh.
it ok to talk about
personal experiences
most people who ask that here seem to be people who want to troll the channel
im not like that
exactly do you want to talk about
don't get it
  SamuelM like
your child says he should have been a girl
you chop off his dick, like do you even need to take
steps
  +libbies  !femops
not just not do anything
saying seems like a dumb article
  +void|afk :|
are the ops never awake ;_____;
wot m8?
gud
  +libbies  thx
thx
it was my pleasure
did femtops pretty much at the time i arrisen from my turpor
you feeling better libbies?
pretty much called it the first moments he was in here >.> "men's experiences" can go fuck themselves
cherries" are such horrible abominations, but I love them so much.
abominations are delicious and wonderful
biblical abominations <3 so lovely <3
  +void|afk :D
manhattan with four cherries. :)
had to Google what maraschino cherries were... similar to glace cherries apparently.
horrible abominations :(
  +void|home  Yuuuup.
the cocktail cherries you get these days.
don't think I've ever had a cocktail...
I had one once, but it wasn't a normal one. It was warm and in a mug.
was like mulled cider... really tasty.
  +void|home  Interesting!
think I should learn how to make it, what with winter coming up here. Not that it gets particularly cold, but still.
fuck off. "Questions every feminist needs to ask herself she buys cheap clothes" not everyone is a comfortable middle class feminist
One I love like that is Earl Grey tea, lemon, honey and bourbon.
ginger.
you're a feminist you should only buy $1000+ designer clothing
primark is bad, but it's ~affordable~
  +enchilado  Oooooh
sounds delicious
middle class feminists
Grey goes amazingly with lemon/honey too, without the whiskey.
I ever manage to get a proper job I'm going to buy so much tea...
  John_Doe  i
  Guest44134  Hello
  +enchilado  Hello
you people here real feminists or are you trolls?
odd
continue
  Guest44134  ..?
am actually a feminist troll.
believe in equal rights for all bridge dwellers.
troll men's rights activists
guess on some level, we are all trolls
deep
fur ur self m8 ur 1 cheeky monkey aint ya
you, thank you
  Guest44134  See..
deepmy ankle got wet.
Kaiserette is a troll
  +Kaiserette yes
we're gonna be trolls
this one is creative at least
me just be one...
we want to hear it?
  +Kaiserette Nah.
gud
another note, what flavours go with asparagus?
  +LambdaSix  butter.
  +LambdaSix  :P
but only if you also use more butter
  +enchilado  Mmmm
also got green beans, snow peas and carrots... wondering if I should prepare them all the same or differently.
going to butter the beans with some salt/pepper.
I want salt & pepper potatoes
balsamic butter on the asparagus
like having some fried asparagus beside some fried tomato and scrambled eggs
  +void|home  Yum!
pretty sure I saw asparagus in a sushi roll once, but I didn't try it...
suck
hope I don't get banned this time
was banned cause my behavior was not appropriate for the room lol
hoped wrong
this one tries at least
guess men don't suck?
stop ban evading
don't understand
was I bned?
  John_Doe_again2 :(
a lemon/pepper/butter sauce.
really enjoy julienning carrots.
choppity
  +void|home  Yup!
really nice about it.
de-ending beans/snow peas.
spam. I thought that some geniuinely summoned me :<
  +LambdaSix  waat
used the wrong summoning materia you see
suck," says the man, trying to be sarcastic
all, men are somewhat more likely than women to experience at least one of the elements of online harrassment."
Jake the Dog :O
source?
Pew
men are more likely to be called names or be emabrassed. Women are more likely to be stalked or sexually harrased.
that's what I was expecting
first part probably isn't even true anyway
think I like glass pendant necklaces far more than silver ones
Oh?
only necklace I wear is a caffeine molecule. :)
bought those, but I used to make stuff very similar.
cool! I really like the red heart one.
have all my tools somewhere, but no beads, headpins or clasps and definitely no pendants.
middle one reminds me of a latte.
  +LambdaSix  hehe
wearing that one today, for reasons. ^_^
  +void|home  :)
all my clothes in XXL because they're not made for >6' people >_>
assuming that's women's) are the sizes that different? I'm over 6' and I buy men's clothes in XXS usually :P
  +enchilado  Hrm
I'm upsetting myself. I really don't want to buy men's clothes :|
is a better day
if I'm still recovering from mom's bullshit of yesterday
  +amelia_  :)
for better days
for better days
days are better than worse days
i was hanging out here and suddenly kid comes running in with THE DEED TO OUR HOUSE which i thought was put up. apparently it was in a drawer.
just.........wow.
people figure out how to lock their doors, thieves uncertain about futures"
are the implications there
government wants a skeleton key for all encryption protocols
  bekabug essentially
  +SaturnMoriya ew
don’t want a back door,” Rogers, the director of the nation’s top electronic spy agency, said during a speech at Princeton University, using a tech industry term for covert measures to bypass device security. “I want a front door. And I want the front door to have multiple locks. Big locks.”
oh my god >.<
the kid with the deed)
least he brought it to me, right? haha
  bekabug ;)
a quiet day on the internet
i can finally get stuff done
  +amelia_  :p
here is taking a nap. i scanned a ton of crap and now i'm sort of antsy because i don't have time to start any new projects before they wake up heh just...twiddling my thumbs
  +locas  hellooo
What scanner do you use?
  bekabug scansnap
i had a neatscanner but it was slow...painfully slow.
used a proprietary format for their silly manage it all 4u software, too. I hated it.
ScanSnap are you on now, and under what OS? :)
i have a S1500 and I'm on os x 10.6.8
here :)
x snow leopard was apple's peak. 2 bad they don't support it anymore, shit, w the last security update they're not even supporting a version back
what u say
wrong channel
  stoopkid  hi
morning~
good morning :)
reading youtube comments is always a mistake, so i'm just gonna take your word for it
time
just shocked
what people genuinely perceive to be true
of people don't think the same things as i do, so i'm never really surprised
name white privilige is bullshit though, Indians, muslims (of any kind), Asians and Jews all do better than the average white, so why is this called "white privilege when it's literally just latino and black disadvantage.   The name just shows what agenda the guy who created it (a communist) had, he clearly wanted to use it as an umbrella to push anti-white policies."
maybe racism is real, have you ever considered that maybe?
a concept
  stoopkid  :P
you go into the hood and ask if the black people would want to be white, they would reply with "nah i'm all about that hood life nigga", "fuck white people they ain't shit", or by shooting you in the face. they don't want your sympathy, stop white knighting for people that don't want it. the reason less black people have jobs is because they choose to try to be "cool" by having the "thug life" and throwing their life away o
  +SaturnMoriya wow
  +SaturnMoriya just...wow
he should meet the black people i know, who are professors and making real change in their communities
"they were never forced into the shitty environment they live in, they chose it"
of course
sailed here voluntarily
applied for jobs
  stoopkid  lol
  +SaturnMoriya obviously
you don't get that you are literally sjw scum
  stoopkid  sjw?
justice warrior
term to shit on anyone who stands up against oppression and discrimination of any kind on the internet
  stoopkid  ah
not familiar with pop-culture
paired with "go back to tumblr"
people still denying wage discrimination against women
browsing the internet i generally stick to freenode and educational resources
so sure they're really different things :P)
think wage discrimination against women is just part of a bigger picture
minority control the majority, they happen to be for the most part white males
the institutions that be are set up to unjustly direct precious resources to the same few who abuse them (white/black/male/female)
  stoopkid  but
believe the rest of us can take back the economy
relatively simple measures
economy --> control laws --> enforce freedom
or maybe this guy's just crazy
don't know lol
:D
not too informed on economics
to be informed about really? a few corporations control the majority of resources
the expense of the local populations from whence said resources are gathered
know that much
rest IMHO is academic details
to distract from larger issues
& conquer strategy works well on the left IMO
clinton is a run-of-the-mill imperialist ↑
feel like I'm gonna be posting this a lot from now on lol
  stoopkid  yea
she gets any votes at all i'm disappointed in america
she will
hillary wins will probably be down to how much people realise she will be shit for the same reason obama turned out to be o-bomb-ha and not Mr. Super Magical Man
  +SaturnMoriya b-but
we can ;-;
to politics
  stoopkid  :D
oppression? you can have it sir...just give me your vote~"
two chumbawamba albums are still the most painful reality attacks
  angular_mike  hello
here?
yes
hi
  +cirvinfox  sorta
know where I can ask questions about feminism in connection to videogames?
appears to be inactive at the moment
the question?
wait, someone answered
post it here anyway for more answers
there any standarts fro pro-feminist attitude in videogames available online?
and dignity?
representation
I meant somethig more discrete
a legal document
know of anything like that
do i
imagine a feminist video game would just look like a well balanced video game with diverse characters that dont play into harmful stereotypes
legal document? what?
  +SaturnMoriya &
no "legal standard" being argued for. It's "please don't view us as sex objects kthnxbi"
LambdaSix
you can't really law enforce this
feminism isnt really an acontextual state of things u implement into a narrative
would that even work?
I don't mean an actual legal document
something similar in tone
is hard to misinterpret
feminism isnt even monolithic
mean, I have to admit, I don't even know the correct definition of `sex object`
this sort of thing be an attempt to escape critique though?
trying to find a guarantee that ur work (video game, film, text, whatever) will somehow be "safe"?
dont think thats very intellectually mature
well exectly
 except for the last part
the best thing to do is study feminism and the associated theories and try to really understand it
think the point of feminism is to make people aware of the issues
then people have to start making the right choices
right and that's precisely the problem, no?
of engaging with the complex intellectual vicissitudes of feminism or other movements, this approach looks for a list of checkboxes to tick so that it can position itself more successfully on the market
lazy at best
what cirvinfox said is completely right
is no other way around it
well, what the developer wants to concentrate on developing the actual gameplay and just wants to release a game that won't offend people?
is, to you, feminism a sort of baggage to the ~actual gameplay~
kind of game is it
~actual gameplay~ is produced and read in a social context, inseparable from feminism
not in all games
it's just that some games concentrate on specific aspects and making them good and spend less effort on the rest
this is not best approach, but given there's bound to be division of labour not the worst approach either.
  +cirvinfox  bbl
cirvinfox
would you like to participate in a thought experiment?
  +nuit no
a fan of thought experiments
  angular_mike  please
just want to understand you last statement better
gameplay being inseparable from social context
really don't get it
is happening
it something good
doubt it
I need a volunteer
want to play a role of a game developer
you looking for rp partners
I need someone to consult me on social context of the stuf i'm working on
can't even
are you a gamergater
trying to undestand the stuff I'm utterly ignorant about
I don't label myself
angular_mike
have you pegged as a gamergater
this isn't the place, stop please
why?
did I do?
just strike me as someone who's trying to find something to tear apart
I don't want to
I want to understand
 I want to undestand everyone
put in the work
than expecting everything to be handed to you on a silver platter
but I don't have the right skills, tools or knowledge for every single person right now
provided links should give you that
ok, you know what, I'll research that, thanks
A lot of people here will be hostile to "Please educate me" because it can read as "Give me your time to educate me" on things that are easily googled.
i just suspect everyone is a troll ^_^
  +mxtm same
just preemptively protect myself from arguments that will make me feel miserable
education is often a two-way process
but now, I'm not here to `educate` someone
my main goal is to educate myself
angular_mike
yes already reading
do the educational resources on class teach marxism?
sometimes just communism
I need to agree with communism to see class?
doesn;'t need to be a communist to like some of their ideas.
able to think don't adhere to one ideology. They take what they like and go on with it.
you don't have to be a communist to be in this channel, but as a whole, the channel is kinda anti-capitalism, and we absolutely draw the line at people supporting imperialism
tfw my world hist. teacher talks about the positives of imperialism
  +mxtm "positives"
like what?
probably something like "we civilized them!!11" or "y'know, the sweatshops are actually helping the employees uwu~~"
are positives to certain people
latter argument pisses me off so much, especially in the form "well, they had the choice, and they choose to work in sweatshops, so they can't be _that_ bad"
  +SaturnMoriya whoop
  +libbies  o.o
like "they got liek technologies amirite (o and they got super oppressed btw lol)"
didn't see that coming
like they weren't warned 3 messages earlier!
does he not mention the negatives at all?
was aawe kicked?
is bombing countries for oil
using computer programs to maim children for "anti-terrorism"
they expressed support for imperialism
kicking out democratic governments and installing fascists in their place
I though he was talking about British Colonial imperialism
wow, you are not kidding about not supporting imperialism
long series, but it gives lots and lots of concrete examples of imperialism
much bullshit for just one article, heh :/
wow, it just clicked with me
root word hyster, as in hysterectomy
an anti woman slur
  jessica-mtf lol
from Latin hystericus "of the womb," from Greek hysterikos "of the womb, suffering in the womb," from hystera "womb" (see uterus). Originally defined as a neurotic condition peculiar to women and thought to be caused by a dysfunction of the uterus. Meaning "very funny" (by 1939) is from the notion of uncontrollable fits of laughter.
believe, though maybe it's a myth, that the vibrator was invented as a treatment for hysteria.
  jessica-mtf t.i.l
  +libbies\bbl  what
  +libbies\bbl  ...
joke?
very
  angular_mike  ok
are a bad person and you should feel bad
I apologize
won't make hysterical jokes again
yes it was
  +SaturnMoriya lol
  +SaturnMoriya someone
50 shades of grey in their argument that men get sexually objectified too
then "It can only be sexism if the gender fits conveniently into the political agenda, right? It can't be sexism when teenage girls gush over boy bands or Justin Bieber, right? Nowadays ppl don't even care wats actually sexist, they just throw the word around to sound like they actually care about women, to sound like they're more on the moral high ground.﻿"
where do I even start
guess I don't is the answer
is teenage girls getting marketed to ruthlessly sexism against men? >.>
  +SaturnMoriya idfk
is the counterargument to me arguing against boobs in all video games
I didn't read the book, but does Gray actualyl have more character to him than a sex object?
I didn't read it either but I do know 50 shades is one of the most rape enabling books ever
lmao
  +SaturnMoriya hi
about the menz
he actually rapes the MC ?
are objectified too
  +SaturnMoriya uhu
intensifies]
heavier than I expected
where you'd draw the line exactly but he repeatedly ignores her wishes, violates boundaries, basically stalks and controls her life — and this is portrayed as desirable?
it's popular in the same way SAW movies are popular?
or not any part of it would be legally classified as rape in any particular place i don't know, but it's definitely an example of rape culture — i.e. like SaturnMoriya said, rape-enabling.
whole thing is literally bad fanfiction
the fuck do I argue against "what about the menz" though
get it
are shirtless in ads
is not the same
even thinking it is is pretty depressing
are afraid of getting laughed at, women are afraid of getting raped or murdered
  +SaturnMoriya yep
check to mail
I am afraid of getting raped and murdered too, you know
men get raped or murdered too"
  +SaturnMoriya yep
it
they kinda do
you are aware that it's far more common for women, though?
yes everyone is, women get it systematically though, there's a difference
like, who's doing the raping and murdering? mostly not women.
i'm not denying that
don't bring it up
um, what's the point of bringing it up?
i don't know about the last one though
you think we don't know?
unless you're talking about systematic violence targeted at gay men i'd suggest not keeping this up
where you're it's not terrorism thing
well, I think its unfair to think that no man is afraid of getting raped and murdered
  +Euryale  ???
trans men
  +Euryale  OH!
missing the point, angular_mike
said that.
got a "hey men get raped too" over here
like the way you formulated it
about the menz though
like
menz and stuffs
that one
I may have been pedantic, but that's what was said
write well
i really don't
I like that — good summary.
  +Euryale  thanks!
this started because someone used 50shades as an example of "men get objectified too"
it was paraphrasing a quote — the full quotation I think is "men are afraid women will laugh at them, women are afraid men will rape/kill them".
me
  +SaturnMoriya (!)
yes everyone is scared of getting raped and murdered yes we get that, it would be kinda odd to not be scared of those things, women get it systematically though, there's a difference
I aggree
  +Kaiserina  there
you might be afraid of those things but a) they're less likely to happen to you than to a woman, and b) in both cases it's more likely to be a man doing it, not a woman.
Yeah... sorry, dude, but you don't fear rape in anywhere near the same way as women fear rape. Rape is not a tool that is used to control and police and /threaten/ you into conformity.
don't think i'm too afraid of being laughed at, though
course there are other issues — for example black men are more likely to be killed than white men are, and so on.
shit... what's the phrase?
I still fear it though
are afraid of being laughed at, women are afraid of being killed?
irrelevant
well, good for you. Stop pretending it's the same thing.
it's not
do you understand what we mean by derailing?
you see that it's harmful to make "but men too" statements when people are explaining sexism
just makes it sound that mean don't get raped at all and women don't get killed at all, ok
then when people try to discuss issues that affect women, men still try to make it about themselves.
should be"men and women are afraid of geting raped and killed, but women more so"
rape /is/ all about men, though. it's about their institutional control over women.
about that?
  +Euryale  NO!
why is that better?
did you even read what I wrote and linked?
because men have to make things about themself.
will we have a conversation about feminism where men are in charge?"
because it leaves less for misinterpretation?
like that analogy of running through a funeral shouting "i too have suffered loss"
that's true — I didn't mean it doesn't involve men, more that it doesn't involve men as victims, primarily.
who's misinterpreting?
you just assuming that we aren't aware or don't care about harm being done to men?
then just this: "Women are afraid of getting raped and killd"
about that?
well, the quote makes it sound so
the MRA thing is about men
afraid to get laughed at
frankly, that sounds to me like me walking through a poor, primarily black Detroit neighborhood, and tapping someone on the shoulder and saying "Hey, I have problems too, you know"
white and fairly well-off)
sure, I have problems, but they're not even close to comparable
when I was in high-school 'rich white people suffer too' was actually a formalized part of the curriculum of English Literature class, as taught through The Great Gatsby (which is an awful book)
to try to turn the conversation because it somehow isn't fair, is exactly the problem
ugh
I've read it twice
never said it's all about men
no... you don't understand. It's not 'not all about men' it's /not about men at all/
said u would read that stuff doe angular_mike
but you can't resist trying to make it about men when people discuss issues primarily affecting women.
then why are men mentioned in the quote?
look like u put the work in
good grief.
not saying that the article should be about men
the fuck up and listen
was hoping for a ban;___;
gud
enough, anyone else want a ban?
hope I'm the only one though who wants a ban
he seems ignorant, not arrogant
know right
Fist of Libbies <3
  +SaturnMoriya hmmhmm
shutting up and listening would be useful, angular_mike
handed? idk
going to a support group for rape victims where it's 80% girls and saying "hey men get raped too I think you're being unfair"
any case, even at its most basic, it's just extremely rude to add any version of "what about the men" - hell even think about when you're telling a story, any story, and then you have That Friend who is a one-upper and makes your story about them
piss you the fuck off
you're not even talking about rape
least a +q pls Euryale
thing, larger scale
he is
good
  +libbies\bbl  spacechem~
  +SaturnMoriya anywaaaaay
why do people get worked up about the topic I don't understand /s
time there's a "but what about the men," what is really said is "Yeah yeah, you have your problems, but what about what affects meeeeeee"
because half of my minority group faces sexual violence in their life
that's why
yup because men have to make everything about men.
had to teach my husband about that the other day
he finally got it
why do we get worked up? must be our inferior feminine brains
we use emotions over logic
women
dunno about cis women, but trans women seem to face at least an 80% incidence of sexual violence. :1
think it's 33% for women in general
know it was 80 for trans :s
couldn't speak to the experiences of trans women. It's scary enough being a cis woman, I can only imagine how much scarier it is
i think exact numbers might be difficult to get
trans women at least
think reported is 50%
yeah 80 sounds more accurate
don’t know how to hold a conversation where it’s not about them
ABOUT TEH MENZ?!?!!?!
liek get...bad stuff
get objectified
when in twilight and 50shades

perfume commercials
  ReginaLaqueus hahaha
beeberz
have all been used against me unironically in my last argument)
  ReginaLaqueus :|
(just to make things about men again :P) it's funny how when people insist on bringing up "this hurts men too" it's all about cis/het/white men — and ignoring the groups of men who actually might suffer these problems at a higher rate.
I just ran away
I mean what's the point
they're that thoughtless
it's because the people that say it are cis/het/white men. SHOCKINGLY.
of people that identify themselves as MRAs are chwm
it's all about proving the feminists wrong and not actually giving a shit about the men who are actually facing these issues.
  +SaturnMoriya literally
not a hyperbole percentage
not true 100% of the time, but for the most part, men in some sort of marginalized group will at least be able to empathize being, well, marginalized
that to the cisgays
  +Kaiserina  <_<
fair enough, heh
men in marginalized groups are actually suffering some of the same problems as women
and the source is generally the same, too.
ugh... yeah. At least cisgays struggle with gay bashing in the form of sexual assault
best thing a cis/het/white guy can really do is basically say, "Yeah, that really sucks, and I'll never have an experience like that, let's work on stopping that"
because cis straight white men are the problem :P
  +kirjatoukka  exactly.
not both
a straight white male in amerihicaaaaaa
got all the luck I need
issues
freedom
def both, kirjatoukka and Kaiserina
i mean i know an individual can't do much to change the system on their own, of course.
love that song I think I started the day with it too lol
keep telling people to work within the system today but work towards changing the system for tomorrow
was pretty much educated by it
I have to do shit I shouldn't have to do in order to, you know, NOT be raped. But I still have to do it. In the meantime, I can do what little I can to change that so that tomorrow's me or the next generation won't have to
  ReginaLaqueus haha
really listen right now but I'm looking up the lyrics
  ReginaLaqueus Yep
why I want to be a therapist
cool people too
can do a lot of good because psychiatry/psychology is so messed up
  ReginaLaqueus heh
  ReginaLaqueus haha
cute
  +SaturnMoriya d'awwwwww
MY GOSH!
already like it way more than leftover crack
  +locas  lol
read the backscroll
you enjoy the speeches sampled on that record you'll probably enjoy michael parenti's larger body of work
are you here advertising
  +riddim lol
:)
actually really sorta bothers me
not a demographic for your product :c
u really think a commodity can empower women triflare?
off Triflare
why not? Riddim, yes. Many women have worn our suits and talked about how different they feel
sorry to bother you epi.
not here for your lean-in bullshit
off
  +locas  lol
reals though
off
sell feminism elsewhere you piece of shit
shit dat commodity fetishism lirl
i hate those people
ur way 2 liberation comrades
time I've seen it in here
hilarious
yeah I hate them too
gross :(
even try 2 b subtle
made me laugh, but it's kinda alarming how companies r trying 2 coopt feminism
world
majority-centric media never ceases to shape an image of what is desirable in society
doesn't end at blatant discrimination
morning
bekabug
i feel like a bus backed over me.
  bekabug awww
one day i'll go to school
what are you studying?
can't wait to go to college again
it's also scary
people and stuff D:
Molecular biology and Arabic!
  bekabug o0o0o
is a fascinating language
is scary. there are lots of people. and sometimes they try to talk to you. >.>
is AWESOME
  bekabug :D
baffles me is why chemistry needs to much social
really brings me down
  bekabug labs.
  bekabug ew.
not to
seems like it could be interesting
would like to be able to make more money. i would not like to go to school. i'm sort of in a weird place haha
did a 101 once but i couldnt do the emphatic sounds at all and gave up
is very....precise. i think that's a good word for it.
suck SO BAD.
many people.
ooooh that is such a good word for it
done russian i've experience with ridiculously precise languages
love labs! other than the people, and experiments going wrong
every little thing matters for the meaning
don't mind labs
like labs
AbigailBuccaneer
like doing lab work but not teaching labs
I mind is by mouth exams, presentations every week and group projects for half of the study points
disagree with those things
never been to uni but i hated when in HS we had to go to the board and explain our labs
labs you actually get to do things which is neat and also why i picked a more vocational track to begin with
  bekabug anxietyohmygoshhhhhh
the work field in chemistry is perfect for me
the study
  +SaturnMoriya ughhhhhhhhhhh
group projects and such are kind of sucky
projects are the actual worst
the one introvert is not a good time
of my group projects one person actually wanted to be in charge of Printing. she didn't want to do anything else but print the reports and stuff. it was a trainwreck.
  eegor lol
  +Keilana  D:
group project stuff lol
always get super nervous about messing things up/not doing enough
then I end up messing things up/not doing enough because of being nervous about it
think they  should call group projects what they really are "individual projects with commentators"
never had to work in a group environment as an adult
have always been very well delegated by management
education system loves group projects
think it's the perfect way to see how functional peeps are
it's merely the perfect way to discriminate against introverts
think group projects will disappear in the future
gonna do me any good
the biggest roadblock to me being succesful
don't do that
of the grading for it here is "how well did you do together"
the rudest thing
long as you have something to show they assume it was a group effort lol
commentators i mentioned will certainly not speak up about it <_<
factor in me falling back into depression
why you shouldn't do that
I'm not even sure how I'm going to survive it this year
  +Kaiserina  :\
just not fair
feel like an angsty teen saying that
it isn't
world usually isn't
just gonna have to go into it in a way defensive stance
education as we now know it (post industrial revolution) is a big ass scam.
only care about productiveness
all the people
were all terrible last year
  +SaturnMoriya bigots
only about conformity. i realize i'm preaching to the choir here.
  +SaturnMoriya yeah
it's called the prussian model
  bekabug yesssss.
can guess how it works by analyzing how prussia was really
felt inspired to become a teacher
change some shit
then I remember being a teachers involves teaching
  +SaturnMoriya teacher*
i dont really think there's ever been a 'good' education model
tons and tons of opportunty for you to teach without getting wrapped up in the educational system
have you ever read anything by john taylor gatto?
the prussian model teaching was usually centered around the catholic church who had the biggest institutions
jesuit schools are usually good
haven't bekabug
interesting guy
seems to be experimenting with new education models
climaxed his teaching career as New York State Teacher of the Year after being named New York City Teacher of the Year on three occasions. He quit teaching on the OP ED page of the Wall Street Journal in 1991 while still New York State Teacher of the Year, claiming that he was no longer willing to hurt children. "
big part of his philosophy is you really only have to teach the trivium and maybe a little scientific method... then let curiosity and passion take over. no one in the fucking world needs to memorize their times tables anymore.
what do u mean specifically re: new education models in finland
interesting
have i not heard of this
education system is amazing.
in modern times, with the huge advancements in the field of computing and the internet, having “new” skills is a must for education." << this.
link Kaiserina
have to give that a more thorough read later on but i gtg, generally though i think finnish edu is on pretty good tracks but sometimes i worry about its direction
funding for uni students going towards a more loan-based solution rather than student grants or basic income
what
what's so great about their system...that it's free. here in the states you're buried under a mountain of debt after school.
itself is mostly free
you also have to live while you study
grants you student benefits for this atm but they are quite small and further cuts to them are all the time on the agenda
  bekabug hm.
won't get the kind of insane debt mountains like you get in the states but it's still a bad direction that you have to rely on debt
if we're talking 5k in debt rather than 50k
is conservative
it's 5k low low fixed rate or interest free then that's not horrible.
is the current average on a low fixed rate
you have to rely on debt on a monthly basis its going to be a lot more than 5k though but that's fortunately not the average student situation yet
it's £9k/year just in tuition fees in the UK now...
interest rates were supposed to be inflation-only
yeah, we got so shafted on that
really surprised the student loan fuckery is even legal
changing the terms of a loan doesn't sound legal...
but it's the tories. :P
went negative, our loan interest rates didn't
then inflation stayed so low for so long, they sneakily put us on a commercial-style interest rate
1 September 2014 until 31 August 2015, the interest rate for the Plan 1 Income Contingent Repayment Loans will be the lower of the Retail Prices Index in March 2014, or 1% above the highest base rate of a nominated group of banks."
the RPI
  +LambdaSix  >_>
and also, we got dicked on that
the RPI is heavily house price linked
  +LambdaSix  yuup
I think privatising the student loans is still on the roadmap....
ew.
yeah, pre 98 books last I saw.
i feel like anti-vaxxers tend to people who wouldn't be affected by cuts to their benefits
apparently "plan 2" loans (since 2012) are RPI + 3%
fuck
i have no idea what the actual demographics of anti-vaxxers are
i hate to speculate on that but it's typically uhm...more well off families
solution is to put all the anti-vaxxers in a single colony
we have any land spare anywhere? :P
not vaccinated yet
also suspicious of anything that cuts off benefits to people for any reason at all .-.
someone is doing something about the anti-vaxxers <_>
  +Kaisertana <_<
well, see above
don't think it really makes a huge difference
adults are much more likely to believe that parents should have the right to choose, with 41 percent of those 18-29 years old claiming this, compared with 30 percent of the overall US adult population. They found no significant effect of class, race, gender, education, or parental status."
libbies they're putting public health at risk
is what generations of successful vaccination does
no, i mean the measures
with no living memory of a disease outbreak shunning the very thing that got us to this situaiton
think the measures are more or less ineffective
"Those diseases don't exist anymore, it's fine"? :P
now see here...
people dammit >:[ i dont want your archaic diseases
have permanent hearing damage from the guardasil vaccine.
hearing damage** from something i was assured was totally safe.
are risks to anything medical, one would be silly to say otherwise
 :<
one is saying that vaccines are perfectly safe, but the incidence of side-effects is rare enough that the public health benefits exceed individual risk
i recently heard a doctor being quoted on the radio saying "if you say that you don;t vaccine a child beause you want it to get the diseasses so it gets immune against them by itself is like pushing you kit onto the highway in order for it to develop imuunity agains cars"
not that i'm against vaccination on principle. i think hubris is running rampant in the medical community and the pharmaceutical corporations. obviously greed for big pharma, too.
yes....we are delaying.
dont think greed factors in with vaccinenes, i dont think they make any money off that
on the country
healthcare solves some of that problem....
risk is ultra low. we don't travel. we don't really go anywhere.
vaccination plan is based on what the government thinks is cost-effective for public health
delaying? delaying everything?
  bekabug everything.
still get paid with that alan
the vaccines only work properly if administered at correct points in development...
  bekabug bullshit.
you do like india does and have a massive generic pharmaceutical industry
impression was always that the main purpose of vaccination is to eradicate diseasses completely this way so vaccination against them eventually becomes obsolete. Isn't there already avccination that became obolete becasue of the vaccination rates eraditating some virus?
sure, but the government is in a better bargaining position
enough
  +tachikoma  *burb*
it's hard to completely eradicate something, but "herd immunity" is what really does it, it prevents outbreaks
the main purpose of vaccination is herd immunity
yes, smallpox was one of those, and polio i think, but those vaccines are still made and used in small amounts
if somebody gets infected, you don't have a high density of viable hosts
external exposure is kinda more likely to kill a person
i'm not anti-vax
not saying you are :p
tbh, i have not really concerned myself with the topic, my knowledge basically comes from wikipedia. But we did all the vaccination on our kids simply because statistics looked like the chances of getting sick from vaccination are way smaller than the ones from the dissease they get vaccined against
and, well, yeah.
we calk about australia removing benefits from anti-vaxxers as opposed to vaxxing itself? :P
fascinated me more when reading on that was vaccination on animals, like e.g. rabies, which is nearly extinct here in europe now
sure
I said, I'm highly suspicious of anything that removes benefits from any class of people
ok
well "nearly extinct" becomes "prevalent" pretty easily if you stop making most of the population immune to it....
on the animal tachikoma bat rabies is still quite prevalent in certain countries
  bekabug e.e
i mean rabies in animals, they covered everything with vaccined food here and that way it now only exists in bats from what i understood
agree with libbies on that aspect: benefits (AKA the right to live in a capitalism-based society that doesn't have a use for you) shouldn't be used as a weapon against anything and everything
trying to do the same thing in romania tachikoma regarding bat rabies which is still very present there
heard about schools thinking about not allowing non vax'd children to enroll. not sure if that could happen in the USA, but theres a point to it.
happens here
totally a thing
had to get another vaxination to attend college
i think
concentrations of anti-vaxxers have led to outbreaks of things like measles in several places, don't really blame them....
the california incidents?
i don;t want to sidetrack your discussion, i can just add that there was a big measles outbreak here in germany among non vaccined people and the reaction to that then was that for the time of the outbreak pupils that were not vaccined were not allowed to attend school.
have been more than just california iirc
viaxxers are not solely responsible.
was one in wales as well iirc
I'm on about the UK actually
vilifying them
ttfn!
think bekabug feels vilified by this discussion...
ttfn?
for now.
  +LambdaSix  ooh
because i'm not an antivaxxer, alan
:>
i think blame and responsibility should be distributed logically
you ... sound like you are but don't want the associate label?
ttfn popular parting salutation in the uk?
eh, not that I'm aware, maybe in the Noooorth, Alan ? :P
yet they like to scream and shout about how people need to keep their kids on schedule for the sake of humanity
north
i'm up to date but only because of the kids
vaccination is more important than adult vaccination though bekabug since children's immune systems are less developed
exposure
but it's still selective
more likely to be exposed the longer you're alive, and vaccinations are no longer useful after you've been exposed
all mad about that but if you made a legal mandate that all adults had to get the flu shot every year...people would be pissed
after the debacle this year
they had the wrong strains...and the flu shot was totally useless.
thing about flu shots is that not a large group of people (me included admitedly) dont get it and hence it loses a lot of its effectiveness
i'm not up to date with flu shots ... ;)
usually get the flu shots, athsma and all
do i now have to think of the noro virus .....
except it routinely kills the young and elderly every season
Cold, not so bad
the virus mutates so fast that the protection is very limited
within a "season"
big deal!
is why it's generally offered primarily to people who are otherwise at-risk
the elderly
the flu is dangerous to those demographics
and the elderly get flu shots completely for free here
else pays 5€
your fucking hands. stay the fuck at home if you're sick. we could go a long damn way with these 2 things for controlling the flu. :P
#2 is difficult in capitalism, especially the unrestrained kind :P
But work insists I go to work ;(
but people will be people <_<
no. people are like "I think i have a cold..."
scary how many people will go to work with symptoms because they dont have sick time
they've used their sick time
on the human element isnt usually a good way to formulate the plan :p for personal reasons or other reasons like having to go to work cuz things
bye LambdaSix
probelm are the overcrowded trains and busses I'm taking to and from work, i think whenever i got infected it was either at work from a colleague or on public transport. I actually was using hand sanitizer for some time when this bird flu thingy was in the media some years ago,, not because of me but not to brring it home to the kids ...
ruins everything.
  bekabug hrmph.
stab
extremely lucky...and i forget that sometimes
  Alan  yes
I moved to london I was really sick constantly for about 3 months, now I'm fine
sickness
finished another blog entry - not that anybody every reads that but its nice to see what i did :)
I'm feeling somewhat-ill but not impaired, I'll just work at home
sickness o_o
fact, cycling to work is a great filter for whether I should be at work
'cause of the london underground (the tube) is lots of people jammed into a badly ventilated space with lots of surfaces to harbour bacteria that you basically have to touch
think they'd take measures to make public transit safer to health given how outbreqak
work but NAHHHHH
do budget cuts to payoff bankers and things
i've never heard of subway sickness in new york though
mention tokyo ....
way ill be taking the car if a outbreak breaks loose, sorry atmosphere <_<
:)
care, which we do not have to use, requires vaccination.
here it depends on which daycare - some don;t require it. But those were hit hard with the last measels outbreak ... had to completely close down
there are lots of people you get sickness. every year after dragon*con i have to listen to people on facebook complaining about con crud
YOUR HANDS...STOP TOUCHING THINGS
  bekabug ew.
a mask might also make sense - especially when you are sick and coughing ....
do that sometimes and people laugh at me ... which is not really encouraging ...
hey, hillary clinton is running
wonder if she'll become president :o
  Alan  *shocker*
us elections are something weird to watch from the distance, i mean especially the candidate choosing process ...
unfortunate that she's running after 2 terms of democrat, because it'll probably flop back the other way just on principle
2-party system
followed the republican candidates for some time last time and it was like a constant 'wtf?!?!' experience to me ;)
need to figure out how to absentee vote in the primary
are the democrat candidates running so far?
from hillary
democracy money can buy"
can blame first past the post for that <_<
yup, spoiler effect + winner-takes-all
for very counter-productive elections
turns everything into a two party system
bear no real resemblance to what the electorate wants
you can't actually fix a democracy from within a democracy
so it seems
conversations are frustrating and exhausting me today lol
monday!
too much monday for such heavy topics. hit me with this stuff on wednesday or something lol
I think this is just piling on the ennui today
libbies knows where my head is at.
that's exciting... I just realised I have about the same amount of time left on my student loan and my mortgage ¬_¬
  libbies :(
left lunch at home
  bekabug bummerrrrr.
to catch my train, wish you all a nice evening and happy thoughts!
tachikoma!
really want to help this person buy food but i'm being told by other people not to help her because soon as you do she apparently starts hitting you up for money all the time and gets really irate when you decline o.o
like someone that takes advantage of others
food banks in her county are apparently shit because they only help every 90 days. wtf is that?
feel bad. :(
wish you could anonymously donate a walmart gift card
I try shrooms?
  teapotzz  no
not?
problem with shrooms is a dosage issue
suppose I was only gonna do .5 gs to start and my extremely experienced friend said he would trip sit me
would be neat if we had like...halluciation cafes. you could go in and pick the level you wanted to experience. from "show me all the colors!" to "I want to visit another galaxy"
a coffeeshop
  bekabug exactly.
have those in Amsterdam but you can buy shrooms at a gas station over there
a lot of factors, i guess. like...how long the shrooms have dried... if they're really fresh you could have a pleasant experience on a quarter gram
they're old as dirt, you might need a gram
dunno. shrooms is not one i've ever been interested in trying.
careful!
  teapotzz  ^^
important is to be in a good positive environment and have good people around you
I know they are a safe drug you just gotta be careful you don't jump out a window to prevent the end of the universe
you do shrooms
  teapotzz  ^^
had a friend who tried it when he was at his lowest...and it did not go well fo rhim.
that's a terrible idea
yeah. definitely don't do it if you have some mental health probs
sure you have a sitter
was depressed and failing out  of uni, when he did that...it just make it way way wayyyy worse.
  bekabug :(
I got someone who is super experienced with psychedelics
can trip sit
worked with some people who tried to too..this girl told me she saw her hands turn into mickey mouse hands...she was freaking out because everyone turned into a cartoon.
sounds like bs
i didnt do it
did it
never did it again after that
heard mushroom tea works pretty well
sounds like bs from whoever said it
is better than mushroom mountain dew
unless you take alot you dont see shit
was my first experience :(
dunno...maybe she did do a lot
heard shrooms can make you nauseous as hell
mushroom mountain dew...??? sounds pretty tasty actually
a trash can handy!
you take too much they can
were kind of crazy...he would come to work without having slept and really hungover looking
taste disgusting
it was a powder
they stink.
just poured it in and mixed it up
tripped hard
no mickey mouse hands though right?
tryed DMT once that is one hell of a drug
is extremely compelling.
happened to misandry monday?
o_o what else have you done besides that?
yes i would do that if i ever had a chance
just like rainbows exploding off lights and stuff
  nAWPs Weed
much else
sounded awesome
to weed.
was a long time ago
unless you are an op and i don't know it
good, then
I'm not an op
avoid talking about recreational drug use here
  nAWPs Sorry
people.
I'm non-binary
hope that's ok
  bekabug lol
I'm gonna bounce cya later m8s
  bekabug doom.
have to switch nics. this is making me crazy. brb.
seems australian midclassers are quite similar to ours eh
like surfing
midclassers pretend they like surfing
KittenButt :>
  +KittenButt Ehi
hi
oh I forgot to highlight epi :o
  ElliotRodger  lol
shit is real
shit? what did i miss
an actual channel for feminists on IRC
  +duckasaurus  huh?
thought the geek feminism wiki was satire
ok
troll is obvious
  +duckasaurus  indeed.
  bekabug uhoh
- someone wanna lemme in to the base? I seem to be not allowed.
  +GorillaWarfare sec
base are belong to us
had to
a base?
  +amelia_  :P
got my cancerbox setup
meant
:D
haha but very cool!
  Pillowcase_ Cancerbox?
would be nice if food coloring use were reduced/eliminated
serves no real purpose, besides risking being like, carcinogenic.
no blue food in nature. don't eat blue food.
for blue corn.
is delicious.
  +LadyCailin lol
  +GorillaWarfare Blueberries?
it just me or is rule #2 just "cave into our demands whenever we complain or we ban you"?
blueberries and blue potatoes look more purple to me?
we don't call them purpleberries
No that's rule 5
rule #9 claiming that public logs have a chilling effect on discussion is a bit, er, hypocritical
doesn't have the same ring to it
  Pillowcase_ True
Blueberries are pretty blue on the outside
how is 'don't try to justify your use of oppressive language' equate to 'cave into our demands'?
yes :D
rule 9 stands cause its true
i'm building a pole for it tomorrow
Presumably because they want to argue that oppressive language isn't oppressive :P
is always a joy
happy Monday!
there a person criticising chat rules
oppression! poor soul.
isn't ;)
confuse
  +SaturnMoriya oki
  bekabug lol
because people have this notion that free speech applies everywhere, and that hate speech should be allowed ;)
sadly free speech isn't really free haha
yeah free speech
LOL epic!
  Liebknecht  Epic!
neat!
mom used the "free speech" "argument" against me recently
was just like nope
done here
more talking to you today
few people understand free speech
saw something on Twitter recently..
it's an easy excuse to be a fuck
aside from blue corn and blue berries i can't think of any more blue food. maybe blue cheese but that stuff is ick
many Americans confuse the legal right to say something offensive with the right to say something offensive and have no one respond
  +GorillaWarfare "
people don't get called out on it
too many people dont know the value of shutting up and listening
I know, right?! freaking minorities!
language is the wal-mart of the marketplace of ideas.
  bekabug eh
  +SaturnMoriya hah
like that one
I do not understand that metaphore
wal-mart known to have low quality?
sure to read the alt text
  +GorillaWarfare chelsey-dagger++
under the guise of market freedom other providers are taken out through pervasive ubiquity
sorry..
i would say big lots
don't be sorry, I'm being a smart-ass
did i say somethign i shouldnt have?
oppressive language shuts other forms of expression out by being everywhere and shouting over other expression
amelia_
no ;)
were you being sarcastic then?
  +Euryale  yes
i understand now
  bekabug facetious
i dont often clue in to sarcasm without it being explicitly stated
word is so hard to spell. omg
is one of those devices that rarely translates well on the Internet
brain, why
you believe privilege is a thing you are literally retarded" oh the irony, bigoted youtube commenter 291311598
IT!
touch the poop
comment is poop don't touch it
its like.. they dont even see it
  bekabug lol
I'm not replying to youtube comments as much as possible
sentence was awkward
there a firefox addon that will hide the comments section on websites?
doing my best to let youtube comments go
really do not give a damn what RealAmericanHero83 thinks about anything at all
an addon that will translate sjw into skeleton
what are you?! a communist?! HE'S AN AMERICAN HERO!
touched poop once
again I hope
very clear that this channel is not for people to come and try to challenge feminism as a concept while being ignorant of what feminism means, but there could be another channel, like ##feminism-discussion or ##feminism-wars or something to redirect those people to. good or bad idea?
was by accident
butt touches poop whenever you do a number 2
+
have poop on you
now
about that
are poop particles
don't want to...
dense enough to be smelled
so, there's a resources link in the channel topic
molecules EVERYWHERE
who wants to be in such a channel arguing with all the people thinking men are oppressed?
everyone on TRP
there already a MRA site?
channel
I would want to participate in such a discussion
  aawe  occasionally
try to
train myself
bigot defense
in running away
it starts to affect me
need this to survive
is amazing. number of spelling mistakes, excessive punctuation...excessive capitalization
that it doesn't work
i am wrong but my feeling is such a channel would become a focus for antifeminists and few feminists would have the bother to engage.
this
  +SaturnMoriya well
keeps them out of here though
I'm imagining a defense against the dark arts class featuring bigots
one would want to go in there and be on the offensive all the time
least a little
of dark wizards
defensive
I think I would want that
think that would drive me straight to alcoholism aawe :(
we're learning about the three unforgivable curses
take that kinda stress
  +SaturnMoriya *****************
dies*
not the spider
  bekabug :((((((
like having math problems thrown at you at high rates, except it's "find the logic/argumental fallacy"
  +SaturnMoriya see
is why
must never use
the dark wizards have mastered these curses
must know how to protect yourself
been a while since I watched harry potter
had enough of it after that 8 movie marathon
spiders ;_;
really like spiders
are adorbs
oh oh hang on
they're not huge and poisonous
tiny and with thousands
IRC is a bad medium for lengthy discussions, points stop being relevant once they scroll out of view, and the discussion derails over and over
media are strained by 'lengthy discussions'
that not the most adorable creature ever?
is one fabulous spid
are called the sparklemuffin spider SaturnMoriya!
argument, counter-argument, counter-counter-argument, ad hominem, etc
dunno. i'm not here to change anyone's mind, i guess. the world is big and broad enough and if you're on IRC you've got the internet to read.
then 3 more people join the discussion, creating a spider web conversation graph
how my discussions usually go. me: argument. other person: "that's ridiculous because it doesn't line up with my view. me: kbye
you want to investigate feminism, go for it. if you want to debate it, eh. if you don't like feminism, you suck and i don't want to talk to you.
the internet offers comfortable contextual bubbles for mensrights activist and feminism critics - the internet does not educate everyone the way it educates you
want to pierce through to people on such bubbles
  aawe  in*
peeps are easily indoctrinated
that implies some degree of synthesis or reconciliation, something which I find rare in most arguments featuring antifeminist reactionaries
to always be aware of what's being fed to your brain
people who want to debate feminism are probably out of an argument rage high more than to seriously consider the merits. i try not to be prejudiced about online communicaiton but i think that works better in person.
in a nutshell "BUT MEN TOO THERE IS NO PRIVILEGE THEY JUST WANTS US DOWN"
can start a channel, i guess, aawe. you're going to be covered up in ragey butthurt MRAs and i think it will be very hard to have the civil discourse you're looking for
there are more sneaky arguments than that
I don't think that's what it boils down to, there's also a lot of strawmanning
arguments in particular just kinda deny information outright
got a link?
second aawe I'll get you one
true
oh
thanks
problem
  bekabug *sigh*
mean, she just kinda moves the goalposts in most
just denies the accuracy of the argument in others
wage gap doesn't exist? wow.
good news. i should ask for a raise then.
mean, it's a welcome difference compared to other sources, but is still cringeworthy
is the problem: American women are among the best informed and most self-determining human beings in the world. To say that they are manipulated into their life choices by forces beyond their control is divorced from reality and demeaning, to boot."
then
bank are cultural marxist conspirators
right! their role is to make the world so dystopian so as to pave the way for a communist/anarchist uprising!
yea, cause gender roles and microaggressions dont affect anyone
are really accelerationists :P
if you pointed that out she'd just ignore/deny it outright lol
they don't affect me they don't affect anyone!"
ie. 'fuck you, got mine'
x.x
4: One in five in college women will be sexually assaulted." Yes! Okay... /that/ I can get behind as a myth. That statistic is /way/ too low!
ive totally be influenced to NOT do stuff in my life because of society
actually 1 in 3 iirc
you should do stuff!
i finally am -.-
serious its just 33% ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Kaiserina
not a big deal if its not over 50%!" <- neolib logic
  ottanta well
god what was that quote
thing you can have on your side is liberals, because then they'll start telling you what you should be offended by
I find that offensive, actually
sorry
trying to find the quote so that I can defer to that instead of paraphrasing it poorly
liberals may think it's a problem but the only strategy they have is "starting a conversation"
on the liberal i suppose
sorry, I was being smart, again. I really should be using sarcasm quotes
  ottanta heh
p:
19 points : 3 replies : an hour ago reply
Christina Hoff Summers. She's educated, well spoken and a bright mind. Also: a feminist. It's another side of the coin.
important
  +Kaiserina  BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAA
  +Kaiserina  AHAHAHAHAHASHHAHAHHAAHAHAHHAHAHHAAHHAHAA
OH GOD IM DYING
one
  +Kaiserina  BAHAHAHAHAHDSAHDSAIDAHAHAHAAHAAHAAHAAHAHAH
try breathing
  +Kaiserina  HUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUE
god
try not reading youtube comments
call an ambulance
one was from imgur
when imgur was a cool place
100 BC?
I feel the comments weren't total shit at some point
then they "rooted out the sjw's"
everyone <3
a fantastic evening
  +SaturnMoriya gnight
was like
years ago
8 years ago
period was pre-ragecomics turning it into memeworld
read the comments
  +SaturnMoriya yerps
want a firefox plugin that just removes the comment section on anything
prefer FemFreq's overall method of argumentation which is non-engagement
she's responded to videos critical of hers in later videos, but if one hadn't seen the responses before they came out, they wouldn't know it
about the assumed money laundering, did the charges from fellow fem developer ever got dropped?
there's one for youtube, iirc
  ottanta what
not sure what you're referring to
are you talking about the sarkeesian effect duo?
to an MRA site, nice
 were almost year ago, i just never got clear if she cleared
goodness someone is giving them a voice!~~
sorry, i was just trying to find fast sources
  OrangeZallie  hi
  +GorillaWarfare Hello
are you?
mate
  OrangeZallie  Ahoy
and yourself
also fine, thank you!
what are the topics for tonight?
:)
discussions going?
:)
yknow
domination
usual
yea ofc :)
really got to step up our game on that.
a serious lack of world domination going on right now.
I think women should rule the world.
Germany for example a women is leading the whole country
want more like this!
for hillary
i would rather see Sarah Palin in lead than Hillary
then the patriarchy problem will be solved~~~
  +duckasaurus  ::blink::
you prefer anal or vaginal?
wouldn't vote for hilary, there is already too much degeneration in the usa
gud
  +duckasaurus  ugh.
  minzbonbon  lolwat
  +duckasaurus  idunno
language ?
: degeneration
  +GorillaWarfare -.-
pls
not an autobanner.
I don't see why you feel the need to test it..
a semi auto one
together
hate feminists, they're all dumb and they talk bullshit, wanna suck my dick you filthy whores?
ip?
  +GorillaWarfare :/
they were released, but yikes.
  +SaturnMoriya phew
Can you fix your connection?
many lines of red
justice is p queer, locas
heard really good stuff about that series
I rly enjoyed it
  +Keilana  well-written
terribly preachy as sci fi novels go
of drama
would read again
saw ancillary sword mentioned by the people talking about how the hugos were hijacked
how it should probably should've won if they didn't get invalidated by mras
it definitely should win something
of the best scifi novels i’ve read in ages
and if you haven’t read Lilith’s Brood, read that, locas
kinda queer? but the protagonist is an awesome black lady and it was written by an awesome black lady and it’s awesome
is the kind of author that if I like
reading her
read all her books
DO IT
at least like ten of them
I read anything else
worth it.
love her books SO MUCH.
that I have an ereader that's how I do
haven't read too much by her yet since my library had a limited selection when I just had that
yeah I love her
:)
there’s this novel I’m trying to remember, it involves Galileo time-travelling??? and Europa being populated by Amazons??? or something???
  +locas  \o
  +locas  hm
anyone know what I’m talking about
ring a bell
read it like 10 years ago
was a long time :P
I read it 6 years ago
Dream
butler i've only read...parable of the sower/talents, kindred, and bloodchild and other stories
omg omg locas you HAVE TO READ LILITH’S BROOD
it’s her best work
opus etc
read that next since the ancillary series isn't finished yet
  +Keilana  yassss
have the next Ancillary book on pre-order and I’ve read the 2 in existence twice.)
been reading banks and then atwood and neither one of them are nearly queer enough
sort of tries but he doesn't rly know what's up
Leckie does a pretty good job
only uses femme pronouns for everyone and it’s like a world full of women and everyone’s gay~
gr9
so rdy for that
mean, the main character is also a giant ship so
AWESOME
my favorite thing about banks
ships
  +locas  so
down for giant ship protags
one character is referred to as “he” by a gender-language-speaking person and it’s so jarring
everyone is femme~
SHIP PROTAGS FTW
ship is also a lady.
the ruler of the universe is a lady.
awesome/
  +locas  nice
of banks' ships are masc despite being nominally genderless
annoying
for one time a ship is a lady, but it's done as like a
I just slept with you BUT I'M REALLY THE SHIP HAHAHA kind of thing
is...probelmatic
  +locas  ...problematic
it's sort of like a "trap" trope
with ships
not quite that bad but eh
that still sounds bad
mean I'm all for ships sleeping with people, and the way it's done in that particular banks book it's actually like okay
is that's the ONLY time a ship avatar is portrayed as a woman
remember thinking one thing was super problematic but I’m in the middle of a giant Arabic essay and can’t remember that it is
yeah makes sense
you….ship ships, locas?
  +Keilana  :D
I can keep track of which ship is talking to which, yes
difficult at times -_-
100% ship ships
why I build ships out of lego
I can make them have ship sex
very depraved
  +Keilana  hahahaha
main character is a giant ship? Do tell? :P
AWESOME
  +Keilana  OMG
READ
can’t give a coherent plot synopsis
it’s a world where everyone is presumably femme, giant ships do stuff, and then there’s civil war and other space drama stuff
but go read what exactly? 101 Giant Sexing Ships and Where To Find Them? :P
queer romance. and ship romance.
  +Keilana  oh
  +Keilana  hahahahaha
Justice by Ann Leckie!
you never said which book you were talking about ;)
  +amelia_  Thankies!
sequel is Ancillary Sword and the next book is due out in a couple months :)
sorry! locas and I were on the same wavelength apparently
WTF how is it 5:30am?
I am a male who previously held some pretty idiotic opinions about what I thought was feminism and have since been informed of how wrong I was. would it be okay if I talk in here and perhaps learn a thing or two?
  formeridiot hello?
  +void|work  Hi.
education resources in the topic. :)
  +void|work  educational*
you, I'll start reading
was not what I expected
our educate page links to jezebel?
surprised lol
Jezebel good? I'm not very familiar with it
I'm just surprised it's a gawker thing
is gawker media which is p bad, not that some of their articles aren't good
about it
keep reading :P
  formeridiot okay
all the things
of the different topics?
you want to learn about
free to ask questions if they aren't shitty questions
I’m still working through the list and I’ve been here for months
at your own pace ofc :)
it’s nice to get an overview of a bunch of different things
could you throw me a link or two about misogyist tendencies+
  aawe  ?
favorites
@
  formeridiot okay
was reading this article
probably would've read those mags and thought nothing of it before
so insidious
#4 clockwork orange
says lad mag
catch
i'm pretty sure that's clockwork orange
well little brother
lads mags
the same terminology
article if i do say
do not want to be caught red-handed . . . go and smash her on a park bench. That used to be my trick." from a magazine
  +void|work  :|
  sloshy  hi
awake
least half the planet
so fucking sick of privileged people telling me privilege doesn't exist anymore because the law says so
tired of being told how counterproductive feminism is by all these uninformed people on the internet
/rant
everyone
SaturnMoriya
thema ....
wrong window
SaturnMoriya if you're anything like me you learn to cope with it
if you're like me you'll also become a cynical bitter badass bitch
win i say
menz with cold unfeeling pain erryday
is there no coffee flavored toothpaste
is
  +bekabug  where
nvm, it's not coffee flavoured, merely caffeinated
  +bekabug  :(
  +Kaiserina  but
  +Kaiserina  but
is bad for the teeth D:
it was coffee flavored...you could brush your teeth then dive right into your first cup of coffee
course it had to be italian
  +bekabug  hehe
on my bucket list though
coffee in italy
italian food in italy ofc
binge watched the anthony bourdain show layover this weekend
now i want some spaghetti bolognese
needed some punctuation. sorry. hehe
does italy have such yummy dishes ;_;
  +bekabug  hehe
makes it bolognese? or is that just the proper term for what we call sauce here in the states?
fact that it originated in bologna.. :p
don't know xD
like plain ol meat sauce to me
you Bologna for your delicious sauce
you based italy for your cuisine
friend of mine found an angora rabbit in a mud puddle in his yard
:<
are assholes.
was just 2 weeks ago. that's a really short time to get sick of a pet.
we weren't broke i'd go get it.
now we're scraping change out of the couch to go get dog food
is prob my favorite fitness tracker ever. i love looking at these tiles.
  +cirvinfox  awrr
little bun bun
fuck people
icould
people even history? <_<
wow.
going to play devil's advocate here...how is this different from a medic alert bracelet ?
colored bands that identifies something abotu someone before you even know them is stigmatizing
btw i didn't read the article at all.
just read the headline
the argument was that police seem to be shooting people who turn out to have mental conditions, and it would be better to have colored bands to identify people like that
the real solution would be to stop shooting people.
shoot people in the UK?
abuse of deadly force a thing there?
play devil's advocate
me
wonder what the likelihood of me being murdered by a police officer is
they're bright orange and mandatory that's a different thing, entirely
it wouldn't be an issue if they were blue? <_<
if they weren't mandatory it wouldn't be an issue.
if they weren't mandatory at first the policy would still be there and could be made mandatory at any time
you voluntarily wanted people to know you were schizophrenic ...sure.
know you can get a thing to carry in your wallet though.
would people need to know if i were schizophrenic? lol
you had an incident or you were disoriented
dont see how it would help tbh
not making it up
they would know you had schizophrenia instead of you're off your tits on drugs
it's an idea that's been around since the 1800's
mean, the one thing people with these types of conditions need is more stigmatization amirite
just a way to communicate when you can't :/
them color coded is...a bad idea. making them mandatory is a worse idea.
does seem that them being mandatory would be a world apart from them being optional
on the other hand if they're optional and people are pressured into wearing them 'for their own good' then that's not really any better
the kind of mental health emergencies that would require emergency services calling i think people would be more likely to call police than an ambulance
police aren't known to take kindly to those with mental health problems
i have no faith in the police whatsoever to react appropriately once they find out somebody they've been called on is eg. schizophrenic
though on the other hand if they're optional and people are pressured into wearing them 'for their own good' then that's not really any better
  +Kaiserina  this
would be stressful and traumatizing no matter what
gender dysphoria is considered a mental health issue in most of the world...it's not exactly a good idea to advertise that status
bands would be useful effective... if everybody society held no stigma against people with mental health problems whatsoever
anything make it like other medical records
they'll never be effective
only people who need to see them can see them
  +bekabug  hm.
rather only people i want to know things
about...now this is a radical idea.... we treat people like human beings and talk to them instead of being terrified every time someone acting out twitches. yeah? no?
than everyone
about my mental health
luck convincing eveyrone of that lol
If this doesnt make you proud of where your from... Call me, ill move you to a cave in another country where you belong."
of the Budweiser horses being paraded around a baseball field*
  +epi  lol
  +Kaiserina  >murica
  +Kaiserina  >pride
i know is fucking stupid, apparently.
perfect Kaiserina
treating people like people is whats really needed
quite sad that tat's a 'radical'idea
do that when tazers have a range of 20 feet?
feet? not good enough
from space
tazer station
  +bekabug  lazers
AbigailBuccaneer
======= o.o
bekabug
are awesome
pew
clydesdales are scottish
american
  +epi  jfc
whole thing is just embarrassing
is with redneck patriotism
hate reading garbage like that
epi
you know the world is murica
  +epi  lol
this ad doesn't make you proud to be born where you were born then you suck and should leave that place you were born"
jingoism's ramping up in aus, too
concept of being patriotic in america is weird to me. few things here are 'american'
of it is just conglomerations and modifications of other elements of cultures
anniversary of that time we and new zealand tried to invade turkey because the king old us to
your white supremacy was shipped in from england
AbigailBuccaneer
this ad doesn't make you proud then you're a damn dirty commie and need to learn how to love annoying capitalist ads
AbigailBuccaneer xD
is an idealistic culture of inclusion that people tend to bastardize to fit their views of what they want to include
  +Kaiserina  inclusion*
anyone who says
conditions may apply
you dont like it, get out
people dont ahve that level of mobility
you get out, you're the one ruining my country"
pretty much
to the discussion
  +bekabug  :D
there was somewhere on this planet free of this level of asinie twatter, no capitalism, no imperialism, etc I WOULD GO THERE
don't know how twaddle = twatter
just add all those words to my dictionary
saves lives >.>
at least, my pride, soemtimes
  +bekabug  lol
  +libbies  sometimes*
not this time. i'm at work using irc over a terminal
it doesn't correct useful things like it doesn't add apostrophes for me. it just acts out like a petulant bit of random nonsense.
bit of random nonsense~
  +bekabug  hehe
is such a land do not despair
will find paradise in the feminist space colony
keep making the mistake of trying to reason with literally everyone
peeps just don't deserve that
... i have to develop space habitats now!?
  +Kaiserina  yes
chop
the menz for funding to finance all this is hard >:C
is too much work, and you have to be pregnant
tell a bunch of Teh Menz that they got you payment and demand money for the abortion
  chelsey-dagger  Profit
  +Kaiserina  nonono
see
have this huge incubation lab
just put the sperm and egg and let the incubators rol
  chelsey-dagger  Ahhhhh
then carry on
get the payments and the resulting babies are dutifully indoctrinated to become soldiers for the gynocracy
that sounds way more efficient
  +Kaiserina  yes
  SaturnMoriya  ohman~
just develop AI and get it over with
gynocracy needs all the soldiers
or otherwise
menz are sneaky you see
totally manipulative ^___^
will be manipulative when it comes to getting something to eat
  +bekabug  >.>
  +cirvinfox  burd
just can't stop using facebook.
have to have it for work because i manage some social media accounts. i can't stop myself from using it.
horrible
facebook is a nasty habit
never done the facebook
going to either
that noise
conversation i just had is exactly why we if it ever becomes a thing, I will never step foot in #feminism-discussion
  SaturnMoriya  yeah..
  SaturnMoriya  ........yeah
beyond tired of being told to get out of the country
that's horrifying :(
;_;
  teapotzz  hellooo
teapotzz
  +bekabug  hello
goes it?
and angry. just another day in the neighborhood.
looking for a term that would mean....where people are controlled by propaganda. is there a specific term for that kind of system? Corporatocracy is kind of close...
i think thats called 'government'
call it brainwash
hahaha
that works lol
think this irc is going to help me to stay sane while going through alot of shitty places
hard for me to keep myself convinced that I'm not the one who's wrong
world is wrong. you're safe here.
there a website that shows the basic bullet points of different systems like marxism, communism, etc
usually use wikipedia for that, your question made me search for something there now but I did not came up with a term for the mediacontrolleed system you describe - yet
government in which the highest authority is a practitioner of magic."
what i want. i want wizards in control. Harry Potter for President
no. wait. bad choice.
for President
Well put :P
if we can get Obama to pull a bunny from a top hat. we can claim to live in a Magocracy? :P
government is bad. the only entities that need governance are corporations.
why!?
harry ;_;
much 'crazy' on that page ...
you ;_;
so emotional today haha
that story people get the surname from the company they work for, like john nike or melissa coke ... but the book is worth a read imho
definitions aren't arguments
might also work to some degree
i have to leave, have a nice evening
bye :D
little light reading for lunch
Ladies. i have been reading the educational materials p, pp
appreciate the opportunity to learn despite my prior beginnings
youtube channel keep showing up in my recommendeds
I'm sick of it
was one of the channels i used to follow before. he really is a dumbass. i am really sorry you have to deal with that. should i flag it?
think it violates yt's terms
hateful speech isn't it?
you also follow Hammurabi, or possibly Gilgamesh?
doesn't care...
what should we do?
  +SaturnMoriya avoid
as well?
think it matters
  formeridiot okay
SaturnMoriya, you were talking earlier about privilege. I am probably the most privileged person here as I'm white, male as well as cis. what are ways to alleviate or make up for that?
a decent human being, formeridiot?
to marginalized folks when they say things and don't talk over them.
in and of itself isnt a bad thing, its something you need to be aware of when interacting with others
please, don't self-flagellate. That's the worst.
not something you need to attone for
subscribe to everydayfeminism p:
thanks everybody
  +SaturnMoriya sorry
alotta good articles there
cool ill divem
in!
a pretty groovy site
  +amelia_  :3
god that sargon of akkad person from youtube
Hammurabi, Ashurbanipal and Gilgamesh!
the Mesopotamians!
make like your namesake and fall like sumeria thx
  +SaturnMoriya yeah
a mess
going on?
only difference is that this one won't leave behind interesting ruins
hey I can make fun of things and that gives me youtube subscribers
god...
needs to stop throwing antifeminism at me in the recommended videos
god, it's a big topic!
car hear the fedora /just in his voice/
shit yes
crap, these women are /not being sorry/ and they're doing it /exclusively to men/!
/shit/ he dropped the N-word...
  +DrYucatan  0_0
that was really stupid
DON'T SAY THE N-WORD
JUST DON'T
he white?
hundred years ago this ad would have been "Sorry, [the baby] is a N**r"
am I kidding, of course he's white.
guy is making my head hurt
no he's not... clearly, he's from the middle east. DO YOU EVEN LOOK AT HIS YOUTUBE NICK?! </sarcasm>
  +bekabug  whoooooa
way he's still not black, cis straight male from a mid/upperclass environment
christ fedoraman it was a joke, jesus fucking christ
looks like making fun of men is /exactly like/ white supremacy
hate how these youtube people have this mra personality cult
TMBG reference?
hardcore punk, lyrics in description
good though
cirvinfox!
favourite band.
  +cirvinfox  yay^.^
is why i don't have friends. i don't say sorry enough.
brain hurts
god this guy takes the scum manifesto seriously
really shouldn't watch this given the day i'm having.
might set fire to something.
put an educational bullet in his brain
  +Kaiserina  please
a world it would be if you could shoot smart into people
I would have very few friends if I /did/ say sorry that much. Shit... I'd be a monster!
wow these lyrics are even better than I remember
bekabug - what about sorry?
listening to TMBG
  +DrYucatan  ?
from the video
the youtube video. He's going on about how women should say sorry more often
he's taking SCUM Manifesto seriously!
sorry more and be polite, you passive aggressive bitches
brain hurs Euryale
surprisingly popular because... uuuuugh
on what should be done to this man - sent to the re-education camps, or sent to the re-education camps?
electric chair
don't let him breed or raise children! (if that doesn't get quoted on pastebin, someone is srsly fallin' down on the job)
is freaking brilliant by the way~
auditory processing is not allowing me to enjoy it ;-;
can't understand a word
in description p:
  +Euryale  ooooh!
punk was never meant to be understood by listening xD
vocals are for pure raw emotion
  +amelia_  :P
a job for bash.org perhaps?
wow. i haven't thought of bash.org in forevah
well.
one day :)
so...
listens to jazz
I'm sorry, but this Sargon of Akkad wannabe is using a video depicting some women murdering a man as proof of how deranged feminists are... and then it turns out that this video was /created as antifeminist propaganda/?!
could've thought
/admits/ it!
the fuck...
watching that trite?
;-;
world is his play-doh...he can mash it into whatever shape he wants
crap! tumblr feminists!
your own protection euryale
for your own good
  +bekabug  hah
rage... rising... rising!
crap... I can't handle it anymore!
  +Euryale  #killallmen!!!
can I spoil the end for you
  +Euryale  okay!
uses hillary clinton as an antifeminist statement
he tips his fedora and the world explodes in euphoria
-ChanServ(ChanServ@services.)- ##killallmen is now registered to yeoz.
  +libbies  <.<;;;;
I think I love you <3
sorry i need the menz for secks and spermjacking
is what happens when you're straight
  +Kaiserina  <_<
  +Kaiserina  >_>
you can't kill all the men 'cuz some of them might be trans women...
  +amelia_  ^
... lol
you saying that trans women are men? ;)
see ##killallmen
all "men" are trans women
prefer the gender-inclusive KILL ALL HUMANS ... but then, I am kinda leading the cyborg uprising...
just haevn't realized it yet :P
  +annika_  hehe
worry it's not that upsetting he's just making an arse of himself
CHILDLESS OCTOGENARIANS!
know that feel.
  +Kaiserina  NO
WATCH IT
  +Kaiserina  NO
nice suckerpunch at the trans woman
you're going cold turkey
agressive transphobia doesn't help his case at all
waffling nonsense from people who still don't know what they're talking about!" <-- brilliant
IRONY IT'S TOO MUCH
guys i am laughing too much! it doesn't sound like srsbizness work is going on in my office.
people. wait. i'll stick to my southern roots and just use y'all.
i'm laughing too much!
ain't not gonna be usin' me, hells no!
to purge that sargon stuff from your brains
Y’ALL I HAVE A CUTE THING
  +SaturnMoriya ALPACA
  +SaturnMoriya GUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
supplement Kaiserina’s cute-animal-brain-lbleach
and alpacas are so deceptively useless
warning)
alpacas and llamas are awesome and cute and loveable and huggable no they're not useless ;_;
wool i guess
make awesome wool
is so fun to knit with
fine, alpaca wool is nice, but a camelid whose only uses are wool, meat and amusing small kids is not exactly a great camel :p
is why it's an alpaca/llama, not a camel ;)
alpacas weren't bred to be beasts of burden
way cuter than llamas
I admit it's an adorable little beastie
  AkaiMpk Hey
  +amelia_  Hey
are you?
much talking here i guess:D
  +libbies  nope
AkaiMpk
i got a link here
i read is part of the rules?
you should, AkaiMpk
hope i didnt offended anyone
read now thanks
didn’t, we just send the link to new people
ok
for earbuds. listening to my little buddy ask for his shoes for 3 minutes straight is more than i can take. he wants daddy to take him outside but its raining.
  AkaiMpk :D
am new here and i do like how friendly you are
do ppl usually talk about here?
take "feminism and other related topics" for $200, Alex.
recipes.
  +bekabug  mostly
  +amelia_  ^
I said, related topics :P
  +bekabug  xD
men who cross us, their testicles are lightly fried with some lovely garlic butter
like mine thinly sliced and fried in lard.
yes can't forget the garlic butter
butter dip
it's nice to just boil up a bag of them, and use the stock for Ball Soup
like mine minced so i just put the menz in the torture chamber
eat men?
with the tears of the emasculated patriarchy, of course
we're being silly
  AkaiMpk lol
xD
never heard the song maneater?
i cant say i have
rarely listen to music tho
me that's like saying "i rarely breathe"
fuk i luv that song
  +amelia_  ^
is overrated anyway
needs to breathe? not me.
time for breathing.
Sometimes I forget to breathe, but I never forget to music.
  +bekabug  :D
DO NOT NEED TO BEEP
HAVE NO NEED FOR SUCH BIOLOGICAL FUNCTIONS
  +Kaiserina  BEEP
  +Kaiserina  MEATBAGS
is the meaning of the song? im listening now
about feminists literally chewing on men and eating them, because it's how we beat the patriarchy
  +Kaiserina  nomnomnom
nocturnal cannibal that prefers males.

  +Kaiserina  cyborgs
  +Kaiserina  wannabe
PURE 100% ROBOT BEEP
eating men ok
my shiny metal ass
  +bekabug  bwahaha
with the bio-synthetic stomach, I can eat all the delicious man-meat I want!
that sounds wrong.
  +Kaiserina  bahahahaha
god amelia_
  +Keilana  D:
tbh when you said “man eater” I thought of the fergie song >.>
killallmen a thing?
is now :)
cannot comply
just observing here cant say i know how to join in
like men in my bed too much <_<
  AkaiMpk *confused
best to observe for the first 48 hours.
  +Kaiserina  yes
Chow down on the patriarchy. Meatball Hero made of the meaty balls of a "heroic" internet troll?
its just getting worse
AkaiMpk
dont understand what is being said here:D
yar
just being silly
maybe its me.. i dont usually understand sarcasm irl or anywhere
that way always
okay
are supposed to use "~" tags when being sarcastic but often don't
use it myself all the time tho
instance: i don't
  AkaiMpk ye
pry my deadpan from my cold dead
pan
fingers don't reach that far.
i'm speaking just assume ~
be easier
ppl joking alot around here?
on the time
ill stick around hhe
the fun
read about rape culture @ resources today, and I can not remember hearing a rape joke irl for a very long time
are the least earnest channel. we're neither straight nor forward. we trumpet through life riding a thick oniony fog of irony
there places where people often say such jokes?
i've actually have heard rape jokes from people
i watched that being played on tabletop. looks verrrry interesting.
of my boyfriend’s friends made a rape joke a couple weeks ago >.>
common in the frat bro type culture
it's alright <.<; my friends and I used to combine multiple sets to make a giant game >.>
might just be lucky aawe. sometimes people don't recognize things as rape jokes though.
used to make said jokes backwhen i was an edgelord <_<
kind of jokes are that?
im not proud of that <_<
make rape jokes all the time. :|
could you paraphrase it?
nope.
entirely possible, which sparked my questioning
shouldnt joke about everything i guess
I don’t remember what it was, I was so blinded by rage
the word "butthurt", some people don't see as a rape joke but i do depending on context
make those jokes all the time but like frat dudebro culture is an intersection of like every imagineable privilege so its worse than usual
culture needs to die
think of butthurt as getting a verbal spanking on your butt
you shouldnt get winded up its their problem really
and personality are not separate from privilege, not at all
are actually very connected to it especially the former
people with a lot of social privilege are also rape survivors. so there's that.
so a bad upbringing is a privilege?
that's bullshit
away from those people
have a hard time following here:D but im trying
how is it a question of "bad upbringing"
it feels iffy to me too, but I can't really place why. like, it seems to mostly mock the really sort of stereotypical racists
parents that do not do their job, resulting in hellspawn children
what do you think acceptance of rape jokes etc in a lot of influential social circles stems only from bad parenting?
are you completely new to irc or chatrooms?
oh no
usually i dont:D
I am saying I think that frat boys are douchebags because they have always been douchebags and their parents were too stupid to do anything about it, not simply because they are well off (or privileged, as you word it)
think that we cant blame parents for everything really
are the way they are for reasons
off white and male quite largely
someone is being bad against me i just hope they see that what they are doing is wrong
tha
  +libbies  t
same problems exist in every similar groupings and youll have a hard time convincing ppl that all of them just have bad parents
to reason
to do with larger attitudes in society not just parents
blame white supremacy
tired of having to justify myself to people
some cases if someone gets offended they would want you to tho
  AkaiMpk or?
of interest topics these
  AkaiMpk ing
to do with larger attitudes in society not just parents" like the idiot i had a conversation with earlier today
I am not trying to say "All douchebags are such due to bad parenting", only that "badly parented douchebags turn into even bigger douchebags when they grow up"
but that is not the reasons why these ppl are centered at institutions like fraternities
personally dont think its that bad if ppl are bad in some ways.. as long as it isnt very dangerous or bad
part of growing up or becoming better many times
"very dangerous or bad"
you just said "I don't think it's that bad if people are bad as long as it's not very bad"
wrong ofc but we gotta give ppl a break aswell:D
behaviour should be punished.
the forgiving type i guess
we don't
justice!
dont belive in punishing ppl always
doesn't have to be punishing
they didnt even know better its unfair
it should always be adressed
  AkaiMpk ofc
gotta stress though
always but i get what you are saying
said "I don't think it's that bad if people are bad as long as it's not very bad"
  AkaiMpk ye
do you support death sentence, then? It is the ultimate punishment after all. Or torture
  +bekabug  absolutely.
the fuck
individual what you define as bad or very bad tho
you're a serial rapist, i would put a bullet in you.
of story.
because law enforcement gets it very wrong all the time
hope you never get any kind of power over policy-making then, bekabug
i never see that happening
emotionally being that attached to something will make you an unfair judge
like to say fuck too much.
raping is very bad
am very much against capital punishment.
  +SaturnMoriya same
bekabug you were right that today was going to be a bad day or something like that :/
am against all forms of punishment
justice favors the rich
in a mood, libbies. i felt it.
very much against the state having the power to inflict life and death as a means of social control
should put a caveat in here
is used to make people confess when innocent
  +libbies  ##killallcops
  +libbies  <.<;
  +SaturnMoriya ^
  +SaturnMoriya allcopsarebastards
can have a personal view on something yet know that its bad for society as a whole and not suport it
please don't tell someone that they're unfit to judge rapists because they are a rape victim, that's extremely gross
that
is extremely underpunished
i would never say that
is factual and if you deny this you can go fuck a hammer
  +SaturnMoriya sideways
already did, AkaiMpk.
being attached to something will make you an unfair judge."
focus on punishment instead of rehabilitation is very american, and it doesn't work
and policy for prevention*
i said that if you are emotionally unfit
your emitions cloud your judgement
have laws like these all over the world
and they don't do enough.
he say i'm emotionally unfit? lol
did, bekabug
wanna say one thing tho.. dont leave out what im saying
did i miss that?!
don't need to listen to you any longer, AkaiMpk.
impossible for judge to have no emotional connections clouding judgements
drivel is kind of shitty.
we +q AkaiMpk
  +libbies  pls
is to have transparent enough institutions
we can
emotionally being that attached to something will make you an unfair judge  (being too emotionally attached to something) is what i said
  +libbies  yay!
  +bekabug  lol
no tears now, only dreams.
  +bekabug  xD
  +Kaiserina  Inhale.
exhale
say we let the victims of institutionalized rape culture be the judge of rapists for once >:3
:3
have a news story i could link but i won't because TRIGGERS but...i would put a bullet in this guy and sleep like a baby every night for the rest of my life. abuser. rapist. murderer.
wouldn't go for torture or murder
I were the boss
let them suffer what they made other people go through
punishment is a shit
avoid this topic in the future
i said it
that's just about it
said the right thing
like being a catholic and not being a sycophant to the vatican i guess <_<
not possible to trust the government or justice system to administer it fairly. this is kind of how i'm pro communism in certain ways but i realize it's not a thing that can ever work.
  +DrYucatan  :I
shi-
  +bekabug  lol
believe in anarchy :3
in my lifetime but I do believe
gon' dun it now
is just a "pretends to be equality" thing and should be left behind
i realize that. it isn't a thing that works.
theory though.. common ownership of the means of production and characterized by the absence of social classes, money, and the state ...that sounds like a decent plan.
do agree with some parts of communism too but I never say it
it gives people the wrong idea
I say anarchy which gives people completely the wrong idea but idfc
act like you grew a third head when you say something like this.
don't know what anarchy means
dont even try to explain my views <_<
have you read The Dispossessed?
Left Hand of Darkness was a tough read. I didn't make it to The Dispossessed.
the dispossessed is much better
are we back on feminist scifi??
yes bekabug I agree w aawe, the dispossessed is way better and an easier read
your time
i'll check it out then
ancillary sword good? I liked ancillary justice
YES IT’S SO GOOD
YES YES GET IT ASAP AAWE
is good.
on kindle!
it seemed like the story could not progress further when ancillary justice ended
there are plot twists like you woudn’t believe
devoured it
think the 2nd is better than the 1st tbh.
i will refrain from spoilering.
of these books i want to read are on kindle unlimited. i need to cancel this crap.
loved to challenge my imagination with the mosaic-like consciousness of the AI/ancillaries
I’m having the same problem :/
it gets SO MUCH MORE complicated
convinced me, i'm going to bump it up to read it after I finish rendezvouz with rama
that is an odd one
it? I haven't begun reading it
you will love it even more than the first one :D
apparently one of the sci-fi greats
I feel like I have to read it
don't know, for that sort of thing i'd rather read blindsight.
Expanse series was good, I think
would be neat is if my local library could get books from a bigger library.
is? perhaps it will continue
what about Oyster or somesuch?
considering getting a Kindle Fire so I can get Oyster
tried oyster and...scribd.
were they?
was better than oyster
cancelled oyster after about 4 hours. i don't remember exactly why...i kept scribd for months
ok
I was looking through their offerings and they looked pretty appealing
have you read anything from the culture series?
no, tell me more, aawe
an ongoing lawsuit against scribd on the basis they don't provide accessibility for visually impaired users about which i feel kind of ambivalent.
was either the price of oyster or the app.
sssssssssssssssss
Culture a very interesting pseudo-utopian human civilization with a human-AI symbiosis where AI's "rule". The books are very very imaginative
is great but somehow there's torture scenes in all the books.
sounds interesting, wh’s the author?
Iain M Banks
  modulus RIP.
I only remember 2 torture scenes
will check it out
for the rec!
wanted to try kindle unlimited for the audiobooks but they're all terribad.
- maybe it made more of an impression on me.
can remember in against a dark background, use of weapons and player of games at least.
consider phlebas and surface detail
guess you are right
me
it sf too?
it’s pretty good
keep an eye out for it
readable, good pacing, lots of nerdy easter eggs
you heard of the whole hugos mess?
please elaborate
of dubious right-wing characters with a persecution complex thought there was a conspiracy against commercial fun sf written by conservative white males and make this slate to nominate for the hugos and now got almost all the slots.
tempest ina teapot (sf awards aren't life and death) but still kind of shit news.
here into feminist magic realism
as some call it "magic feminism"
isabel allende count?
yes
there a feminist sci fi guide on the ##feminism page?
yeah modulus but its developed greatly beyond her
not hugely into magic realism as such but i like her work
harry potter magic realism?
i don't think it is
ive recently been reading olga tokarczuk's 'drive ur plough over the bones of the dead'
what's magic realism?
there is not.
will check it out
i prefer her 'primeval and other times'
realism is ... first it's typically more literary, second the magic is an incidental element, not usually central to the plot.
the magic is foregrounded yeah
backgrounded?
yeah
the backgrounding of the magic is precisely what's central
fantasy is about magic and what people do with it, magic realism is about people and what they happen to do with magic.
one could put it that way
i remember why i cancelled scribd... no anne mccaffrey
though it can be historical sometimes
that’s a srs oversight :(
  +bekabug  yeah.
well not contemporary
sure what u mean by realistic
show up when you search but if you want to read them you have to buy the ebook.
McCaffrey is good.
trying to find something that separates it from fantasy
also really liked agotha kristof recently and she's a genius
its not exactly feminist literature
well it might help to look at magic realism in the context of its development
- in fantasy the magic is going to be central. let's say someone can foresee the future in tea leaves. you know that at some point this will become a key aspect of the plot etc. in MR someone can see the future in tea leaves but they're a farmer or a civil servant somewhere and it's just part of their life and the book is about what it's like to be a farmer or a civil servant that just so happens to see the future in tea leaves now and then.
  +amelia_  hehe
is really good
modulus pretty much
often, and particularly in postcolonial magic realism, the unreal is in a key relation with the memory of the past
also it is linked to specific traditions, like the ... i don't know how you say in english, in spanish we say the scared breast, is magic realist film.
I see
magic realism originated in cinema i think
  thegreat  helooooooooooooooooo
antbody here?
  thegreat  anybody*
HELLO, WE'RE OVER HERE
gppd
  thegreat  good*
my typing skills
is also apparently a current of animist realism in african literature
i havent read any work like that
down jaden smith
only familiar with the latam streams.
can irc be real if our computers aren't real
most feminists tend to be in lala land year round, my question is why your definition of feminism is superior to the other dictionary definitions, should the term be defined based on the movement?
that tone will get you banned
.... is not going to end well.
are trigger happy
gud
read salman rushdie modulus? toni morrison?
yes but i'm not sure i consider him MR
smith pls
is a figment of your CPU's imagination
if I know. I was preemptively trolling the troll.
late to the party
already /got/ him banned
  aawe  wat
I have a massive delay on messages delivered? I wrote to him way before he was banned
generally considered a part of the anglophone magic realist canon
guess you're right, there's a reasonable case for it, just never saw it that way.
what's with this jaden smith stuff?
like it
gud
no point chatting if my messages are delivered 5 minutes after people move on to another topic
night
  +amelia_  :(
lagged
  Psy__ Hullo
about flower for algenon?
wrong chan sorry
Psy__
in here?
stuff i guess
called ##feminism so i assume people just talk about tv and model trains
was thinking more currently
think ishanyx was telling us how they got into feminism
  ishanyx er?
maybe it was amelia_
about you, Psy__?
I got into feminism?
  +yar  sure
through reading about and through socialist activism
  +yar  cool
  Psy__ Y'all?
pretty sure i was born a feminist
I dunno about you but I /love/ model trains :1
I got into feminism 'cuz I noticed that all the figurines in my local hobby shop for my model trains were men...
got into feminism cuz stuff and things
got into it when i noticed railroads were a tool of imperialist capital
train tho
pretty <3
like the black base
still uses steam propulsion for industrial use
time I checked
certain routes
is really cool, I think
computer is steam powered, mostly
like how it lays the material groundwork for marxist revolution. also the pretty star.
  +Euryale  wooooooooooah
heat engines often are found in power egeneration stations
is just hi-tech steam power
is just indirect nuclear
  +cirvinfox  mhm
the risk of linking something /completely/ off topic...
god I don't want to click that
name?
thats about my response to every link i see on irc :<
  +LadyCailin lol
lol, this is absolutely terrible
is literally the worst thing ever
it's a hilarious parody of classical music performance today
am I still watching this
  +Kaiserina  :p
it is /pure gold/
wonder how many times they had to film between laughing
Pablo
also anonymous
  +Kaiserina  err
dont burst in like that
rich makes you healthier
if I offended anyone, it would just be really cool to get some data on this issue and I figured a feminist space would be the best place to ask
offended, but plz to understand that we get so many trolls in here, last thing any of us are likely to do is click a random link.
as anything to take us to a trojan, or a picture of a dick, or something.
clicked it, it seems legit.
maybe ask the ops first next time
only feel two emotions - angry, offended, and man tears coma
like food coma but it comes after drinking too many man tears)
offended isn't exactly the issue, just the unsolicited sudden soliciting
no worries if you don't want to! You can also google qualtrics to verify that it's not spam. I wasn't aware there were ops, my bad
using "trans*" as third gender correct here though
wasn't aware there were ops, my bad" <-- lol
wot m8
I don't identify as any of those genders.
over.
the links in the topic, sidkee
is a bad label.
it doesnt have teh same class of meaning as 'female' or 'male'
would you suggest is a better label?
freeform?
is more complicated than your labels
freeform would be good
yea, i cant answer that question as its posted.
I'll make a change. I added free form if you selected trans*
I'll make it more open
am gender-non-conforming, or gender-nonbinary, or genderqueer
also, i'm a woman, i just happen to be trans
trans* is a bad label, trans is good enough to identify anyone who isnt cisgendered
the Facebook gender setting, i have five things listed~
trans by itself isn't a gender, just not being cisgender
  +libbies  ^
female and everything else out there are genders
i'm also curious if you've run this survey by your university's ethics review board
is just a status
well
if that's the right wor
  +Kaiserina  d
  +Kaiserina  wor
  +Kaiserina  word*
adjective
i guess?
  +Kaiserina  yes
thanks for the changes!
is just for a class, I'm not really looking to get this published. I'm aware gender is not a binary but I wasn't sure how to create the question, thanks for the input
why cant i select all of them for the question asking how i felt in the past 7-10 days and talks about the future?
aware gender is not a binary" <-- this is never the real issue. the real issue is respect for peoples' identities, not just being aware of them
select the best option, the one you feel the most often
third page is kinda bizarre :c
multiple choice! :o
an interesting subject
wasn't me, sorry
thank you for everyone's input, I am always looking to be more inclusive in my work and it's important to hear about how I can be insensitive/oppressive through my privilege and how I can change. I have to head out now but I hope to chat with some of you soon about feminist issues :)
  Psy__ Cya
  teapotzz_TNG  helloooo
  +Euryale  helo
up
everyone here a lady?
no?
wondering
i'm neither!
cool
i've asked this in another channel....and i'm going to ask here.
  +amelia_  o.....k?
think it's more appropriate for this channel
sorry it's a question
say that you're going to ask, just ask
of build up going on
appropriate than asking if everyone here is a lady?
i "girly" because i'm a girl or am i girly becuase i was taught to be girly?
IT COMES EVERYONE
oh oh oh
wait for the question!
can you define "girly"?
sorry
wait she already asked it nvm
as in wearing dresses
  teapotzz_TNG  makeup
you're girly because you think of yourself as girly, that's really it
in jewellery
it >_>
kind of stuff
well put
  +Euryale  &resources
wrong resources
  +Euryale  &educate
don't think there's anything inherently female about dresser or makeup or jewellery
teapotzz_TNG
I figured it out!
&educate
YOSELF, BOT
  teapotzz_TNG  cool
\n\rtest
stahp
the patriarchy
like this:      I wish to dispel the notion that women are “more emotional.” I don’t think we are. I think that the emotions women stereotypically express are what men call “emotions,” and the emotions that men typically express are somehow considered by men to be something else.
tho
is
libbies misbehave
it's really just about how you describe yourself. you could wear dresses and jewelry and identify as butch :O
manly
  teapotzz_TNG  yeah
a person were to meet me for the first time, they'd immediately assume female - I wear dresses and makeup. But, it's sort of my disguise for professional spaces.
none of the above.
don't identify as "girly"
identify as... nonbinary.
  teapotzz_TNG  interesting
think it's to differentiate with designated
point Euryale
That's why we have 'coercively assigned' rather than just 'is'
word for "is designated as but doesn't identify with being" is "isn't"
dude with a degree took a glance at my junk and ticked a box on a form
  +KatelynQBS CA/DMAB?
dude was totally wrong, but whatevs)
whenever i hear people say "female bodied" and i call them on it they always reply with "oh, you know what i mean, female assigned at birth"
I know /exactly/ what you meant, asshole >:[
  +yar  ikr
cis whining)
most cis people i said this to have listened
the trans guys who put up a fight lol
AFAB genderqueer people
i don't know how else to describe my experience??"
i'm like
about just describing your actual experience lol
of using weird umbrella words for it that don't actually work
of worms: opened!
yes, absolutely, 100% behind you here
often that means using embarassingly specific words like "people with a uterus" and "people with a vulva" and "people with breasts"
think a lot of times people just use the shorthand "female bodied" out of modesty
haven't really thought it through
are the people who end up listening tho
aside any sort of gender discussion, it also becomes an issue of ability/health
does?
terms like "people with a uterus"
  +yar  why?
are medical reasons to no longer have a uterus if you were born with one, even if you're still a woman.
the whole concept of some dudes having uteruses, some women don't - generally, anatomy is a pretty terrible shorthand for any sort of gender at all.
in my experience people are usually talking about their experience of having a uterus, for example, when they reach for the phrase "female bodied"

i'm saying is just keep it specific
should be a legit word
psych of women class had a terrible prof, who kept referring to women as "uterus-havers", even after a woman in class explained her hysterectomy.
fail.
having a uterus is only relevant when you are talking about medical conditions involving a uterus
of women?
yes.
oh yes.
was... ogods.
easy to compartmentalize information even when it's right in front of you
The prof sounded like she'd be cool - she was a practicing therapist in a women's center
I'm like, yeah, that could be good.
I own precisely one fedora, from Red Hat
think the class started with 5 menfolk in it, and by the end, we had 2.
the heck was the class even /about/?!
officially it was supposed to be: Reviews and evaluates assumptions underlying psychological research on women. Surveys the research in areas such as the development of sex differences, acquisition of gender roles, and maintenance of gender stereotypes. Explores the pertinence of these findings to topical areas such as women’s work roles, women and mental health, and the women’s movement.
prerequisite: 3 credits in psychology.
the prof was kinda TERFy, and had a hard time being wrong.
  +Euryale  eeew
  +duckasaurus  yup.
what would that even be /about/
assigned text was Delusion of Gender
that's right folks, you heard it here first: gender is a lie!
it was a pretty legit read, for the most part - basically making the claim that much of gender (performance) can be attributed to social pressures, not inherent biology.
the stuff that didn't have much firm science behind it, or the stuff that was dubious was rather glossed over in the book
is fine, book author is trying to make a point
there was no room for the discussion in the class.
:
  +Euryale  :1
the hell calls a class "the biology of women"
  +Euryale  men
i should teach "the nuclear physics of sexuality"
  +SaturnMoriya hahaha
that's a class I want to attend
would 100% take that class
drag my physics major roommates along n_n
everyone
the biology of women - I'm pretty sure that my school had one of those, too. But it was more, "default in bio things is male, so let's go out of our way to provide details about female reproductive system, etc."
dunno - I never took it.
also, nuclear physics of sexuality would have my butt in the seat. Totally.
1: how to find the right plutonium for you and your partner
  +amelia_  :P
is the answer "from the Libyans"?
  +yar  groan
Looking through the WS classlistings at my school, they've got a "Science of Women's Bodies" class.
that's what I was thinking of.
any of you have a wordpress blog where you routinely post bits of code and use a syntax highlighter...?
  +bekabug  *crickets.mp3*
mebbe try #geekfeminism?
tried in wordpress...
nuclear physics of sexuality? Is that when two lovers come together and a little bit of their mass is converted into energy?
dunno - yar's teaching that one. :)
try duckasaurus
  +libbies  o.o
pretty quiet in there. i hate going into a quiet channel for the first time and being all HI HELP ME
you're not here for the first time?
do you need, sister bekabug?
#geekfeminism
need a syntax highlighter for wordpress that isn't slow as christmas
channel needs to be on my autojoins :1
hate that channel honestly
don't like the culture in there
was using crayon but it's making my website so slooow. :[
asked in #wordpress but there is a guy in there...woooo...he and i have a major personality conflict. he knows what he's doing and he's super aggressive.
sit in there. i'm way more patient than 90% of them and even though i'm not as sharp on the php stuff as some, i can help people reason through things.
get "thanks, man!" a lot :|
  +libbies  :(
can get pretty quiet at times
shit, this was totally not the channel i thought it was
  +libbies  lol
you didn't say anything embarassing!
i said i hated a channel that other people in here might have ties to
  +libbies  <.<;
don't actually hate that channel! etc.
:P
  +bekabug  hehe
i mean to say was...
it. here goes.
lol
  +agnosticnixie  :D
SQUEE
  +amelia_  :P
long jing
  bajin >:(
everyone
this is how I feel about doing homework right now
GorillaWarfare it me
have this giant presentation due Thursday and I haven’t started
that's just me in general
what class?
of them :/
homeworks
:/
of the homework
I don't really have tomorrow afternoon/evening to work on the Thursday stuff because I have a dentist appointment (eek) and then I'm supposed to meet my folks for dinner
why
that sounds terrible GorillaWarfare
do you do this 2 me
side: I made white bean chili for dinner and it was nom
cant i just frolic
only that's what school was actually like
more like running through a field of debt :P
would be awesome, Euryale
how else are they supposed to keep the highly  educated under control?
Awesome view :)
don't want my house to be targetted for things, so I shan't be flying my rainbow flag out
don't think anyone would do anything, but it is Mississippi, and I don't want to risk it.
is a real risk.
i recall a news story about a HOA banning flags like that
have any of y’all ever done cold brew tea?
cold brew coffee
have
it a good thing GorillaWarfare?
flags like what?
it’s becoming iced tea weather and I want to be ~prepared~
was!
queer flags?
the rainbow flag?
cold brewed tea too
yeah
homeowners associations!
can kiss my ass
  +libby\zzz  oh
  +libby\zzz  yeah
for acronym
bad
doubt my HOA would do anything
i drink iced tea year round, lol
problem is some random asshole that burns my house down
what ratio do you use?
do not care that much to take a stand in the middle of mississippi
or slashes your tires
burns a cross on your lawn
or whatever
don't care to be a target.
those souls that do, but that's not for me.
i basically just wing it? >.> i need a ratio?
do you use 2 teabags per cup?? or more?? or the normal amount??
have NO IDEA how to tea
don't use teabags >.>
i dump a lot in
tea + ice cubes = yay!
okay!
can work with that
might just be enough tea to get me through this week, amelia_
of my roommates and his gf make tea in a 5qt pot probably 3x a week
pretty impressive
<3
that sounds awesome
just filled a bowl with blueberry black tea and will try it tomorrow after the anatomy lab from hell
which we pee in cups and do UA’s D:)
sex, cigarettes, fort cortina household pets, bombs, war, FAMINE, DEATH, AN APATHETIC PUBLIC COULDN'T CARE LEEEEEEEEEESS
Ford Cortina ... it was a car :P
  +SaturnMoriya yeah
whoops a t
typos in my singing that's embarassing
embarrassing than singing it in front of the band like that :D
it sounds the same
cortin'er"
they're british
why do you put sex in the same group as war and famine?
russians seem so far away, the government seems to be okay, the paper never mentions war, the people that it caters for have got drink, sex, cigarettes...
not really one group of things
point is people have those things so who cares about all that stuff
  +SaturnMoriya brilliance
Nooo, it's Cortina ... Cortin-er would need somebody from Norfolk or Bristol ("hello my luvver," etc.") :P
yay!
to the song dick lucas makes an 'er p:
all
bekabug~
we ready for another exciting day of killing all men? :3
  +bekabug  yesssssss.
certainly am.
few weeks ago i had none feminist channels. now i have 3. <3
florence + the machine single :O
  +libbies  oooo
know what that means, libbies
are losing-their-minds over this on my FB xD
probably could. i just need a prism, an LED, a glove, a battery, some epoxy, and a soldering iron.
are no life problems that you can't solve with epoxy
Norway1234 quieted?
PMing me asking if i can see their messages in here
  +bekabug  dude.
know who that is
stop.
was PMing mes yesterday.
is it? can we ban them?
was that amilkami or whatever. i can't remember the nic exactly
  +libbies  oh
yeah, we did quiet them :P
  +bekabug  yup
  +libbies  !femops
  +bekabug  boop.
gud
  +bekabug  :D
still fucking PMing me
  +libbies  fuck
  +libbies  lol
ignore keep someone from msging?
  eegor yeah
kept apologizing :| saying "oh i know if i did wrong i deserved this." i wanted to be like YES YOU SUCK NOW SUFFER AND LEAVE ME ALOOONE.
wonder why they chose that name. It makes me inherently like them a little more, but if they're being a standard man, then... my feelings are mixed.
  +LadyCailin lol
anyone know anything about ancestry?
should have picked like... white-flag or iwillstopsayingsorry
  +amelia_  *innit?
  +bekabug  aye
totally a standard man
grandfather of mine was a cherokee chief...i'm trying to figure out my % of nativeness
i would still like to know
holy shit, this is the best roasted eggplant soup i've ever had in my life
that sounds delish
today was vegan
sammich, roasted eggplant soup
eggplant!
  +bekabug  *slobbers*
does not appear to be worth calculating
great grandmother...her great great great grandfather was a cherokee chief (verified)
it's still neat to know. he got to keep his land. he did not have to go on the trail of tears
had 9 children. "found on 607,087 Family Trees" that is a lot of people
of cousins. LOTS.
  +bekabug  T_T
8 generations at about ... 5 to 6  kids per generation?
my family or on ancestry.com ?
person 8 generations back in your family tree being found on 600k family trees (assuming that's complete information)
her great great grandfather had 14 kids
5.3^8
of them...did not survive their 30s
need such a high amount if the early generations have higher numbers of children, of course
think what I'm trying to get at is that somebody from 8 generations ago having 600k descendents isn't actually a lot
data is dirty. Andrew and Andy are the same guy so that's 13 kids...2 rebeccas.
fairly reasonable, I'd have to model it to see what you'd expect a descendent distribution to look like
kids
had 18 children :|
lol ancestry.com
lesson is if you're appalachain it is not at all hard to have cherokee in your family
would probably be more significan if you didn't
as a feminist, I have to oppose 'cheesecake'
cheesecake for me then ;)
mine too
could you explain the cheesecake thing please?
'cheesecake' is American slang for softcore pornography.
  +libbies  oh
did not know that
have never heard that
kidding me, right? :/
:p
what
never heard it either
  +Keilana  nooooooooooooooo
usually think of the dessert .-.
you just ruined a delicious dessert
or just a conventionally attractive woman
i've heard of that defintition though, but i expected it to be uncommon
not really a cake...
you could call it.... baked custard
cream cheese
bekabug
resemblance of a stocking-clad female thigh to the layers of a cheesecake dessert" wat. srsly wat?
would anyone like a vanilla-flavoured rich sweet cream/cheese tart?
  +Euryale  me!
doesn't sound any better :/
-> cream-filled tart... amelia_, you're being sent to the reeducation camps ;)
you can "re-educate" me any time :D
do i sign up for re-education?
ew
libbies
  +amelia_  xD
don't know if i'd want to go to the camp...is there a lot of mens there?
mens allowed :P
we segregate the camps. The women learn personal empowerment in a supportive environment. The men learn how to mine salt faster.
  +bekabug  bahaha
  +libbies  ...lol
the ones my mom makes c:
took a dark turn
cheesecake is deliche
tbh
the hell did this conversation come from o.o
fucking hate cheesecake
  +SaturnMoriya awe
hate how it tastes
I hate how it objectifies women!
don’t ban the poor dessert
did it ever do to you??
see scrollback
I saw
just still sad about it :'(
the word is too tainted to be reclaimed <.<
you doubt the power of my delicious baking, libbies?!?
  +libbies  <.<;
delish
no cheese
sisters, we shall devour the patriarchy >:]
  +libbies  ._.
someone say cheesecake!?
  +duckasaurus  omnomnom
as in my brother linked me this, not sure to start with him
That's bullshit... the assertion that women are making a /free choice/ to not earn as much 'human capital' as men is... bullshit
That part is apparent.
filed my taxes
my grand $52 back XD
unbelievable that there are so many "oh man that wage gap totally doesn't exist"
  +SaturnMoriya things
choices could be the result of personal preferences or sexist cultural expectations for women's work, though the relative influence of these two factors remains unclear.
what
a pretty clear issue
  ottanta yeah
BECAUSE there's so many lies floating aroudn
are convinced it's not a thing
terrible
  +Euryale  yeah
really it's just education"
it's fair because women get pregnant"
  eegor biotruths~
  +libbies  ...
  chelsey-dagger  haha
1/256th
  +bekabug  hah
great" (1/8) "grandmother" (1/4) "...her great " (1/256) "great " (1/128) "great " (1/64) "grandfather " (1/32) "was a cherokee chief "
somewhere along the line, the vulva became synonymous with the obscene. " i'd like to point out that in ancient greece a man showing the glans of his penis was vulgar. they would tie their foreskins closed when they did olympics and stuff.
not following but thanks for doing the math on that for me pintu :D
really?
  +bekabug  really
the foreskin wasn't long enough they'd streeeeeetch it lol
don't know why i know this >.>
doesn't sound comfy...
that's neat to know
thanks
was a name for it xD
  +Keilana  D:
anyone have any good resources on the wage gap?
didn't want to get mistaken for jews
  +KittenGNU  What
greek foreskin thing
I remember reading that hellezined jews would stretch their foreskin
in those times only the part coming "over" the glans was cut
are you a pony that's a walrus or a walrus that's a pony
  +libbies  ...
late
the other one didn't have a 1
  +libbies  <.<;
mammoth ;__;
sargon
  +SaturnMoriya sargon
you're gonna look at something nonsensical
least don't dig a hole for yourself
so many ads o.o
fuck?
don't know...
dont even
really funny at all
i cant ever get that time back in my life.. fuck
just makes a fool of himself
starting to enjoy sargon's channel now
some weird, twisted asshole-safari way
it doesnt eat you
look at that asshole being a complete asshole
see no reason why to provide something like that views?
  +cirvinfox  ^
don't really
anything to do lol
you could write my papers for me :P
plan (plot?) the revolution
Don't see ads on the net anymore with Ghostery :B
i'm at work :(
install adblock ;__;
No usb access either?
then you can use PortableApps :B
is free software (as in speech, but also gratis) <3
Are you open source? Can I use you under the GPL?
:P no, frigg off
  +LadyCailin lol
  +LadyCailin butbut
in your name
  +LadyCailin Fine.
For one, that only works with code. You can't redistribute me; that's human trading. >_> Which comes to my second point; I'm not an object
I know.
  +LadyCailin lol
we're completely locked down
just kidding, of course :p
incidentally, i do network security here, and if i find a loophole, i tend to report them .-.
sounds self defeating. lol
  +libbies  yeah
is <.<;
I found another way you can make my life worse!"
great, thanks! We'll get right on that."
  +libbies  p.much
had too much coffee
happened here
do you mean?
know what would be a cool contest to win? all the oreilly books you wanted. for life.
eyebrows*
bill o'reilly?
  +RedHammer  :|
no lol
thank god
  +RedHammer  nice
jaysus. no.
would be a special sort of hell
wouldn't want free bill o'reilly books. i can't believe people pay for those things.
the interm we have pirate county public library to help us with our insatiable quest for information, knowledge, and entertainment.
  +bekabug  *interim
take free bill o'reilly books. free kindling
of pirates ;)
AbigailBuccaneer
great minds think alike, actually. The problem is all the ink and stuff would make a dirty burn.
window
/wish/ Fox said that...
YOuuuuuuuuuu
little fox wants to be free. he doesn't want leashes. ;-;
if i was in the woods and a fox barked at me like that i would poop my pants.
now for something completely different
that being said, Fox /does/ tend to scream and shout a lot like some of those foxes...
wut :3
white culture is racist" WOW. THIS GUY.
organization
wait. fox. i get it.
No. Ylvis. Ever.
Let it die
riiiiight
its not ylvis x.x
no
array_deep_clone
oops, wrong channel
:)
sexy sinister plot?
things
arrays
sometimes people too
trying to develop cloning techniques to clone women
we will no longer need men for reproduction.
women, technically
  +LadyCailin lol
should visit our lab. we're currently working on genetically engineered transfeminine fetuses for the same purpose!
that's why the patriarchy oppresses trans women to the degree that they do
  +LadyCailin lol
what you're saying is, this plot is pretty....
  +LadyCailin deep
know that their reproductive potential is the only thing keeping the feminist uprising from entering the final stage!
  +Euryale  yes!
  +LadyCailin lol
are silly.
  +Euryale  <3
love it really ;)
  sloshy  hi
here to project all of my inadequacies on you
such a nice guy why won't anybody fuck me ;_;
  +LadyCailin !femops
  +LadyCailin lol
you understand jokes
to the ops in this channel. I've not seen another place get this so much garbage.
:>
this time I'm slow to the trigger
FIST ops are best ops.
response times than most other places. There are some quite large channels whose ops are legendary, as in non-existent.
being one
to be fair, I /do/ like their ops. ... when they actually op.
is inconducive about pointing out the root of misogynistic behavior in a humorous way
So do I. I like nully a lot
which isn't nearly enough, sadly
I know :1
it's food-quest time for me!
the store!
of Noms
can't television shows put a fucking warning on material that contains graphic depictions of rape, domestic violence, psychiatric abuse and the like?
can handle it but... fuck, I need to be mentally /prepared/
that’s “coddling” and we don’t do that in America because….reasons
goes my fucking dinner :1
:| :| :| :| :|
in this case, the depiction was /exceptionally/ graphic because that's apparently the trendy thing now :1
ruins so many shows for me and my siggoth
fuck that
don't even think that rape should be depicted
terrorism isn't your fucking entertainment
terrorism isn't your fucking entertainment
should be a protest sign
a tshirt
the topic in here
all three? :P
  +Keilana  yasss
##feminism on the back of the tshirts
the thing is... it would end up getting interpreted as talking about the crap the US Govt liket o scare us with post 9/11
ugh fuck you’re right :/
  +Keilana  goddamnit
that's the thing...
then, if people question it, you can point out how you're terrorised every day?
is an institutionalized campaign of terrorism in order to control women :1
  +Euryale  period
  +DrYucatan  ^
your terrorism, I'm actually a victim of mine'
DrYucatan <3
any attempt to put across a necessary point, or create any kind of dialog, will end up being shot down by clueless, arrogant assholes.
  +amelia_  frakking?
friend was postering for his new feminist queer liberation group and a bunch of bros corralled him and verbally abused him today
misandry will not be tolerated - git gud
~misandry~
  +Kaiserina  ooOOOoooo
upholderof D:
dudebros
wonder if anyone's created a resource to go through TV shows and note if they have any triggering content
I suppose that would only work if you were watching them after they'd already aired
their vocabulary ability is eve  large enough to contain the word 'misandry'
were saying that we should make a dude bro co-op or cafe or whatever, and lock them in it
afterwards detonate a nuke in the joint
to be sure
  +upholderof lol!
yeah terror was the literal message they send with these tactics
There are a couple resources like that. I saw them, but I didn't note them.
they didn't even have to plan it, they saw a queer dude doing a thing and that was their natural response
Ah good, well I'm glad that they exist :)
shows seem to make it clear that they straight up aren't going to show that sort of thing and be that sort of show
ugh... I feel like the only place I can find shows like that are PBS Kids
  +DrYucatan  Nuke?
radioactive fallout.
leave innocent people exposed to radiation.
why you do it in montana
of value will be lost
not bad :)
all I know about montana
Treasure State!
know Steve Albini is from there
mxcosma
  +upholderof rofl
>tfw you'll never know what it's like to have labia
actually okay with that, though.
well, im done with the internet, that was a good run, take care, bye forever
  +Keilana  i…..wat
  +Keilana  wat
get stuck in your butt too sometimes
laughed, i've cried, and i still dont even
literally can't even?
all about them odds anyway
i literally cant even
:P
  +amelia_  :3
  +Keilana  KITTY
  +Keilana  !!!!!!!!!!!!
PAWS
cats are v feminist
room was in siege mode
off now
kind of boy problems?
you repeat it?
question I mean
thanks
people thinking all the problems a female university student could have must be related to boys
I wanted to know if this happened to others too
  just2vent haha
don't have boy problems, it's the fact that people immediatly think that that bothers me
  +Euryale  yeah
I to assume you're a woman?
  just2vent yes
many blessings!
you a man?
dunno... I didn't get a lot of people thinking I was having guy troubles since I was pretty screaming queer in college
I'm a woman
girl problems then?
same Euryale, people didn't know wtf was wrong with me cause I was queer as hell
also was a highschool dropout
  +locas  so
don't think people can really wrap their heads around queer people, just2vent :1
I /was/ having girl troubles
girlfriend pretty much all through college was legitimately awful and took a shitton of my time and energy that I needed for study
I WAS having boy troubles
sorry to hear that, +Euryale
  +locas  but
suck
  +locas  sooo
+locas
by the way, the + isn't actually part of our nicks. It's our hat. In this channel, women who are regulars get 'voice' so we can talk even when the channel is being moderated.
ok
and I are also operators, so we also have a @ hat, but neither of us is wearing it right now
dudes are voiced right now tho cause we were +m recently
my first time here as you've noticed
just don't worry about it
all just nicks on a server here v_V
guys
bye and best of luck
  +void|afk :)
radch really messes with my head
spoilers
haven't started it yet >_>
get on it!
reading lilith's brood first
that looks like less research and more ad for a product :C
  +libbies  ^
just an ad
it bothers me that anyone would pass it off as research :/
these boxes look like some nice diy project
now i just need a cat ;)
<3
left my cat behind in new york :(
are good :)
are delicious :0)
would imagine mint sauce would go well with cat
or hoisin?
daily mail, nvm, don't click that >_>
o.O
wave feminism is not a movement for equality"
the fuck was that
  +amelia_  ^
pretty sure whoever is in the video is a different person than who just shared it ...
whole i-am-totally-a-woman-btw irks me too
humans! just letting you know i don't have a life and therefor need to annoy other people in order to cope with my worthlessness"
that really true?  that more men are raped than women?
no?
in 71
you all heard? Women just falsely accuse men all the time. /s
while men certainly underreport rape by far
hard to imagine that they come anywhere close to the rate for women
many women don't report it either, though
  +libbies  yup
okay, i just watched that part. lemme look up statistics
While the CDC estimates that nearly 2 million adult American women were raped in 2011 and nearly 6.7 million suffered some other form of sexual violence, the NCVS estimate for that year was 238,000 rapes and sexual assaults.
which are far higher than the 100~140k number in the video
this is really kinda upsetting and i should back off
many estimates
prison number is also an estimate
estimates are comparable to other estimates
  pintu exactly
mean.. it's all estimates
not good
little you can do
is difficult to deal with
don't understand the "made to penetrate" statistic. it's set apart from rape, somehow, but it's not further specified
the asked people just answer "have you been made to penetrate"? because that does not tell anybody anything
science
am not shocked
humans, I'm just letting you know I'm outsourcing my opinions to populist trends, and can't take a stand for myself. I'm sharing this video of a person with a poor understanding of the feminist movement, in hope that blurring any form of truth about the social movement hitherto established, and to shun away any form of serious gender related issues people bring up about by accusing them of whining, while my whining about them
is completely valid."
  +KittenButt kthx<expletive>
someone tell me what's so "rebellious" about conservatism?
can I.
matron bans people without any obvious reason occasionally.. What's up with that?
they are probably are on the greater banlist
straw man?
for all we know, "girlwithaheart" could be all about progressive change for women and also about progresive change for men
  +epi  ..
leave, pintu
then they would hardly link to a video in the opposite direction of that spectre.
was that sarcasm?
No, and they're bloody PM'ing me now.
  +amelia_  Urgh.
  +libbies\bbl  fuck
PM in a bit
sure
not very progressive.
damn right
<3
bekabug
bekabug <3
my god~
slow cooking a roast
woke up this morning
the house...
roasts!
what happened
the house burn down ;___;
smells, libbies, the smells! <3
the slow cooker explode
set everything on fire
  +libbies  ;____;
not using a slow cooker, I'm using a dutch oven
ok.
and it's a song about how this guy got 'stuck' with a physically unattractive wife
and a daughter instead of a son
  +Euryale  <.<
yaaaaaaay i loe waking up to delicious food smells ^_^
libbies xD
ew
actually really sick of roasts
a couple weeks, i made them every week for lunch and i got so sick of it
sausage :D
think i'm going vegan again. i stopped because babies.
i think about going vegan all the time but i don't know if/when i'd be able to :/
going to be excruciating lol
your phrasing makes it sound suspiciously like you gave up being vegan in order to eat babies
the SO would make something like what Euryale is making and i would float through the house on a scent cloud and end up having to make my own meal
XD
my laziness would probably be a peanut butter sandwich
have you never nommed on a bebeh? they are so nommable.
  +libbies  o_o
that's because of the high percentage of body fat
could not be vegan while pregnant. it was not possible.
body was like "Go get a roast beef sandwich. NOW."
are you now invoking philosophical arguments about whether newborn babies should be classed as humans or not?
My neice stuck her foot in my mouth once, not very tasty
the chubby folds also hold sauce well
needs sauce.
i'm not sure if bebeh is a food i've never heard of previously
apparently it is about babies
babies
are awful)
am reminded of the fetus-eating thing out of china a long while back and i wonder if that was real or not now
yeah, i figured it served little purpose
performance art.
  +bekabug  ew.
  +LambdaSix  eeee
jewelry and giant shirt arrived
  +libbies  yay!
XD
that i've finished my website and got it all the way i want it...i'm going to start over becasue wordpress is cramping my style. hopefully i can get jekyll to install on my mac without any trouble. i think last time i tried it puked up errors about an openssl incompatibility
somewhat confused as to why jekyll would require openssl, but dependency hell is a horrible place
  elizzza tada~~~
not sure. i'm running 10.6.8 (i know)
have a mac on my desk at work but ever since i also obtained a linux machine it's seen basically no use :P
do you even linux
are you installing it via the rubygems + ruby that comes installed on your system?
time i have tried, something obnoxious always happens. like my sound card will randomly stop working. :|
i spend 2 days trying to fix it
installed the latest version of X Code that i could put on 10.6.8...which isn't good enough.
been hit by (dun) you've been struck by (dun) apple's planned obsolescence strategy
are you okay, are you okay, are you okay beka
ago. i have a macpro 1,1
i'll be ok. xD
1.8.7 (2012-02-08 patchlevel 358) [universal-darwin10.0]
  +AbigailBuccaneer oof
need to get new processors and a new video card then patch the EFI ....then install something newer
just need money. that's all.
not got much experience with with it, but rvm should let you use ruby essentially in a sandbox, so it should be hard to break anything by upgrading to a more recent ruby
think rvm may have been where i had the openssl problem
pretty good
is coming back to me now
tried to install jekyll then i tried to upgrade ruby and it all fell apart.
tend to put each application in it's own rvm pool
gemsets I think they're called?
don't know :(
day!
am totally going to get fired
  +bekabug  whups!
libbies, run
libbies :(
was like twenty minutes ago
  +libbies  x.x;
best to go see them now and say "sorry i missed it, are you still free now"?
good idea
out he also completely forgot ^_^
nice
was wondering why he didn't ask after me
rescheduled
Day Of Not Getting Fired For Libbies
  +amelia_  Huzzah
also not getting deported because of my work visa status)
aren't borders free already ;____;)
those United States aren't part of the great Commonwealth of Canada, eh :P
obama!
shit that reminsd me
need to pay my US bills
you in canada or the states
  +bekabug  libbies:
moved from new york city to montreal, last november
  +bekabug  o0o
heard talks of canada, uk, nz and australia forming a free movement agreement similar to the EU / schengen agreement
to get away from my parents (and to go full-time as a woman, here)
not invited
i would really, really, really, really like that
just need to get canadian citizenship i suppoooose
new zealand's immigration laws are racist and ageist as hell.
a snowmobile and go to canada
:( i'm a person of color ;___;
there's a part of me that wants to move to nz (and naturalize) so I can get a passport with an X on it for gender
if you're under 30 i think you can get a visa, no problem.
see. :|
need to check if we have any offices there
pretty sure i can get work to sponsor me for a visa anywhere on the globe :x
it's c++ but it's for a avr chip. Basically I read from serial port and send the stuff via a rf modul using some library for that. My c++ knowledge is - well it was over ten years ago when i wrote my last line of c code ...
reading about nz's third gender option on passports makes me think of wearing a target marker. at least if you visit countries like russia
yeah, embedded is a whole 'nuther thing
my first lesson was - in c arrays do not dynamically resize as you write into them ;)
yes, and i'd just use my US passport in those situations <.<;;;;;;
a canadian one, if i ever get one
want younger people with certain skillsets. it seems they used to have a racist immigration policy but they've done away with that. so yay.
what kind of skillsets?
on
have extensive experience in professional procrastination
be aged between 20 and 35 years of age inclusive
ageist~
i can't go to new zealand
you have a job offer? Did you recently earn a degree in NZ? Do you have any tertiary education? No. No. No. YOU CANNOT COME TO NEW ZEALAND you uneducated, no job havin, MF-er
dito here
get a job offer then
would not want to move to NZ
have lots of sheep. sheep are fun
have...uhm.
  +bekabug  mountains.
have 10 sheep per capita
lord of the rings
the whole thing down there...they want to boost their young professional population.
  +libbies  hmm
not qualified. i'm getting old and i'm undereducated
firm actually does not have an office here, so no transferring for me ;___;
same here, not really interested in going to new zealand, but basing that all on a web questionaire that just asks really basic question imho is a sure way to miss out on a lot of qualified people ...
i stopped university after 4 semesters as i had a really awesome job offer - which turned out to be the best thing i ever did. Unless i want to go to new zealand that is :)
needed in NZ
peasy. get an engineering degree
love engineering degrees
  +bekabug  right.
do.
my job is on that list
peasy, engineering degreesy
i do not have a degree for it
job is not on this list
- they need cooks - and there seems to be a diploma in cookery !??!
you make an omelette?
now omelettes are hard
you certified in eggs?
Certificate in Hospitality"
you cannot come to new zealand!
yes they are. any idiot can bang out a scramble
my bff when to culinary school
love how I'm basically only qualified to work abroad if I have a degree :/
food is fucking awful, and it was a waste of money)
really learned something new. Ok you can get a diploma in beer brewery here in germany - so i should not really laugh ...
you know, if I'm a hairdresser :/
don't have a degree
employment situation is something i really stress over.
i'm working abroad
canada counts)
i never ever was asked for a degree when i applied for a job, the experience i had from the previous job was what they wanted to know about ...
and Canada have a different relationship, though.
Intelligence Officer is a skilled occupation (you don't say) ... but basically anyone who's been an IO elsewhere, won't really be allowed to do it :P
  +libbies  righ
  +libbies  t
  +libbies  NAFTA__
  +libbies  ~~
you could be a double agent :P (or triple agent)
  +libbies  (quintuple)
you're a farmer or gardener you are in luck.
for SIS here, you're not allowed to work (or have worked) for other governments, you also can't then work in the police, security, or a number of different fields
positions in NZ.
  +tachikoma  sidenote
reassuring, tachikoma :P
the CIA cares.
very much hard about your privacy.
the CIA cares(TM)
  +tachikoma  lol
  +bekabug  xD
so much hard, wow
i have to run to catch my train, have a nice evening/day/morning, you are all awesome :)
/you/ are awesome! have a good evening, tachikoma
  +amelia_  ^
have a friend working at the NSA incidentally
sysadmin there
lost a lot of privs after snowden happened :(
downgrade :(
site is 800k and it takes 3.07 seconds to load. :| i'm about to put a boot up someone @ Dreamhost
  +amelia_  :(
how much do you pay for the hosting?
how dynamic is the site?
wordpress. $9/mo i think
can get a digitalocean vps for $5/mo with better performance
heroku + aws for nearly free
\o/
purple.
is free* and aws is ridiculously cheap
I wonder if wordpress can be setup to work with aws
you can get a static jekyll site that will load near instantly, and host it completely free on heroku
like to leave WP behind
check it out aawe :D
is always good :P
supposed to be upgrading all the servers to SSDs @ DH
free to bugger me with questions if you decide to try jekyll or similar
could install and run jekyll in the cloud, couldn't i
it won't install here due to my workstation's decrepitude
nice to have jekyll installed locally so you can see the changes you make instantly
a single gem and it's lightweight
i can't run jekyll on my local machine
anyway
 Error installing jekyll:
requires RubyGems version >= 1.3.7
-v
1.8.7 (2012-02-08 patchlevel 358) [universal-darwin10.0]
rubygems should be part of 1.8.7
can't recall how that interacts with rvm)
be `rvm <version>; gem install blah` to install gems specific to a ruby version. :3
won't install because of openssl.
i'm not telling it how to install right.
OS?
[0x1f415] aawe absynthe_faery ahf aklapcin aklapcin_ Alan ali Alicia alyx Argent__ captain_teapotzz carvite CGML chelsey-dagger CrazyEttin cscorley DaZ dfgg discopig dlitz_ dv- eegor Eelis_ elizzza Emi enchilado fiyarburst formeridiot geraldbrent hattusili_IV hypatia inf iocis ishanyx justJanne justMaku KingEdgar LadyChristina
LennyKitty meeple modulus modulus_ MoeD moondoggy morganq munch nivi nortti nuit petn-randall Pricey Psy__ pyon q3k rdema_ speak stoopkid systemd Tjis TMM tmro topdownjimmy tsumetai` udevd Upstand yashi zphinx
[0x1f415] aawe absynthe_faery ahf aklapcin aklapcin_ Alan ali Alicia alyx Argent__ captain_teapotzz carvite CGML chelsey-dagger CrazyEttin cscorley DaZ dfgg discopig dlitz_ dv- eegor Eelis_ elizzza Emi enchilado fiyarburst formeridiot geraldbrent hattusili_IV hypatia inf iocis ishanyx justJanne justMaku KingEdgar LadyChristina
LennyKitty meeple modulus modulus_ MoeD moondoggy morganq munch nivi nortti nuit petn-randall Pricey Psy__ pyon q3k rdema_ speak stoopkid systemd Tjis TMM tmro topdownjimmy tsumetai` udevd Upstand yashi zphinx
  nortti  :D
  +bekabug  e.e
  +PrincessOla  >.
  +LambdaSix  wuh
mac os x 10.6.8
  justJanne huh?
  captain_teapotzz  ?
come to realize a ping in this channel means a troll.
  captain_teapotzz  upstand?
was just a spambot
  absynthe_faery  haha
them pls
old...plagued with problems LambdaSix
were klined
  +erisrenee  Hi
erisrenee
if anyone wants to ping me, write "janne", I’ll just automatically ignore all highlights containing "justJanne" from now on to avoid this
libbies
justJanne hey
changed my thing again I'll send another copy
  +erisrenee  Ahahaha
  +libbies  kk
shit is rough with mom
i'm tired of her crap
this chat get many trolls'
out*
stoopkid
  captain_teapotzz  :D
captain_teapotzz :D
amigo
  Upstand B====D~
yummy
does it ever
  captain_teapotzz  lollll
screw that
  captain_teapotzz  hilarious
wonder why people do that?
how long until she's out
deserved!!
join, mention everyone, send a few 12yo-level msgs?
because penises are funny amirite?
u have nothing better to do...
If you want to mention me, use "janne" – all messages with "justJanne" in it are automatically ignored
wrote a filter for it now)
  +erisrenee  :(

doesnt auto complete though
  Psy__ Why?
doesn't wanna get pinged by randoms
:)
k-line
i like the nickname KittenButt
u have a kitty?
the 25th
her out sooner
  +libbies  :/
magic wand must be in the shop
" an incarceration rate of 49 per 100,000 people that the U.S. (698 per 100,000) and many European nations can only envy" whoa. why is their crimerate so low?
clearly, this is not a sign of a broken system!
it's no lower than ours. we just throw you in jail for almost anything as long as you're the wrong color or the judge doesn't like your face
yeah that's an excellent point.
  +bekabug  :/
  enchilado :\
  +libbies  :|
  +libbies  ·.(
  +bekabug  lol
have 185 apparently :S
rate ≠ crime rate
something like that
  +libbies  99.8%
going to blame that on it being 4am
kind of worried because my girlfriend was on her way home and she said she'd be back soon and it's been ages...
  +GorillaWarfare :s
you call her and check that she's okay?
tried, but I got her voicemail. I'm hoping her phone battery just died
sure she's fine though... I always worry when people aren't back as soon as they say they will be
understandable
do the same enchilado
they were walking back and it's very late and not a great neighbourhood so
it sounds like they just came in
  +bekabug  yay
  +bekabug  ergh
for getting home safe ^_^
this one guy that's apparently tried to get her to give him head in exchange for driving her home and offered to have sex with her in exchange for cigarettes or something and followed her around
  +Keilana  ewww
  enchilado yeah
  +bekabug  gross.
gross
also very relatable
:c
heard back from dreamhost: "Your user is running out of RAM. You need to upgrade to a VPS. I'm sorry if this news is discouraging." lol
  +amelia_  Fun
well
mozilla addresses sexist harassment on their IRC servers: "If you are new to IRC and you use a female name you will most likely at some point get private messages from people that are unwelcome. This is hopefully less frequent on the Mozilla network but this behaviour does exist anywhere that also allows anonymity so take this into consideration in choosing your nickname and make sure you are prepared to fend off jerks." :-/
  +SaturnMoriya aha
super great awesome chill
not at all enabling
a veil over your nick so mens won't be tempted by your lusciousness
nice one bekabug
  +cirvinfox  wow
is still p much how society works in alot of places
IT'S YOOOOOOUR FAULT YOU GOTS HARASSED
how dare you be paranoid when dating
MAKING IT SO HARD FOR THE MENZ
poor mens
what? is that actually written somewhere?
real. a warning with no measures to address it. just fend for yourself. not to mention the cissexism or whatever this is: "female name"
lie a horrible server
other news, i'm really happy to be back on irc with a new nick after a long time away. and to have found this room. yay! :D
i just need to setup a new vps with znc so i don't miss anything when my notebook sleeps/dies...
That's crap. like, I get the need to point this out, but it feels like it's my fault if a douchebag messages me
yeah totally. they should at least be like "AND if/when this happens please contact staff"
especially weird - because if lukas is the person who wrote the tutorial, I'm familiar with them enough to think they wouldn't have thought to overlook that.
i don't know lukas but it looks like it may have been them considering their info was used in the example client configs
that's why my guess. Weird. Hmm.
did you used to have a clearly female nick?
did, too, and i got a /tonne/ of harassment
I only get harassment from classically educated assholes ;)
harassment 'cuz of my activities here
u read any shelley? the depictions of the medusa in his work are very interesting
actually assume female, bekabug, because I assume beka is short for becca/rebecca
that's the connection my brain makes
nick is pretty female though, heh
i get the same association
no, I haven't. I should though.
that isn't obvious /enough/ sometimes
wonder if libbies comes off as a femle name ._.
name's just weird :3
I was gonna say...
is pretty feminine :1
actually often assume im a woman
  nuit  online
i thought so when i picked it
it were becca it would be
beka not really
you should be flattered ;)
that assumption never came to mind
nope, wouldn't have been read as such
  Sagila09  Hello!
  +GorillaWarfare Evening
  +Keilana  hi
did you come in contact with feminism? How did you react to it at first?
any reason for asking that?
and I can try to explain my reason
was born a feminist
ask for several reasons. One of them is that I feel ashamed that it took so long time for me to understand it. So I am thinking about the reasons for that.
(intended completely sincerely): Do you think it is possible for a male to be a feminist, or is there some contradiction in the idea?
can I ask how you came about feminism yourself?
yes, ofc.
took me months to 'get it'
me over a year. Mostly and friend told me alot about it
which pronouns would you prefer I use for you?
  Sagila09  man
did you first come into contact with feminism
: Yes. No contradiction.
  +bekabug  ^
through media but I just rejected it. Then a friend that I knew well.
did you reject it
is really hard to explain. Hmm. I think the problem was that I never considered to question some fundamental "truths" that i believed in.
you were raised to believe?
in a strict christian family. but also influenced from alot of other sources.
you believed things maybe like women should be subservient to their husband. women should not have sex outside of marriage. that kind of thing?
  Sagila09  yes
a bit like how I "came around" ...
just started having more and more negative reactions to the way women were treated in the media and in the social environment
finally something just "clicked" - this is a deep, systematic problem
can't tolerate most TV programming anymore, to say nothing of advertising. Just sickening.
something just got into the right place and then it was obvious.
funny thing is that by 'default' I was not tuned into this at all - I can't figure out what got me to change my perspectives, exactly
soylent is delicious, if you add vanilla flavoring.
I was also raised fundie Christian
was raised in a pious household... homeschooled, too
  chelsey-dagger  Same
homeschooling
guess none of that rubbed off on me though - by sophomore year of college I was an agnostic
I need to be fair - I think I got an overall much better education than what the public schools could do
at least
the environment was not so great in other ways
intesting to hear you had a similar journey.
here ... it's hard to find like-minded people here at university
is big into conformity, and that includes buying into strict gender roles (despite whatever the bureaucrats might say about 'diversity')
  +amelia_  :(
noticed that when I grew my hair out - people start staring at you funny, and there are awkward moments in the bathrooms, and you get yelled at from cars
this isn't the extent to which women are harrassed ... but I mean, I get it
intresting. I would like to experience that too
to sleep. Nice talking to you!
night
  +GorillaWarfare ?
  +GorillaWarfare Camera?
a sticker or emoticon
  +GorillaWarfare ><
do I keep doing that
works :P
would rather read the article hto
egads
what does that mean?
an expression of dismay, as in "oh dear lord its that bad!?
yes it is. My high school's sex ed was worthless
does wowaname even bother o.o
GorillaWarfare
gymnasts <3
want to stop wrestling with this idea
what idea?
panopticon
bothering u about it
is so big (I have been wrestling with it for months and I am doing the final revision of my thesis)
cool im writing my theses right now as well actually
ive been published writing on foucault, so if u want to talk about it maybe i can help
am working on a section about how the gaze does more than punishes or makes people more docile it builds people in a certain way
  nuit  yeah
is pretty key in foucault, that power constitutes subjectivity
his rejection of the repressive hypothesis and onwards
is just hard to work with because it is so encompassing
am trying to apply it to how power circulates on the internet)
  nuit  well
think ur missing that the panopticon is a diagram of discplinary society, so not contemporary western society
would be the society of control
totalizing is really the entire point of disciplinary power as opposed to continous re-authorization of sovereign power and the invisible regulation of biopower
internet communities use being watched as a form of social controls and see a lack of privacy as a feature, not a bug
arent those processes largely symbolic though
only exercise power by suggestion
point is that in the society of control the transcedental excercise of power (the proctor in the tower) disappears and is replaced by immanent normative behaviors
could be a good point in ur thesis to distinguish between disciplinary vs control in regards to the production of subjectivities
ur thesis on specifically?
of power online?
much. It is a joint project with anthropology and philosophy
have an ethnograpy that I am writing
I am using the philosophy to create my paradigm
doing some work to think about what a metaphor would be for a system where everyone is always being watched but there isn't a watchtower
of control
deleuze's "postscriptum on the societies of control" its fairly short and clear
metaphor that I am proposing is a beaver dam
a metaphor
i misread
a beaver dam in what sense
branch of the dam interlocks much like the interlocking gazes
community's control breaks down if a part isn't as interlocked as others
dams are very hard to remove by outside forces
think this would have to be developed a bit more in regards to the exclsive interiority of the panopticon vs the exteriority of the society of control
control rather than imprisonment
a question of topology really
suggest u look at how deleuze explains the cartography of the panopticon in his analysis of discipline and punish
think its published in his "foucault"
read this
you
will add those to my to read list, after this is in
i think the entire accelerationist current could be interesting for ur project
work at ccru at warwick and onwards
  _1_Gabriel  hii
first i'm like "Wow. What an ugly attitude," but then I get involved in a conversation on Facebook and one guy says "I may have watched her but most of them are just nameless mic holders."
then...a lightbulb. that woman probably gets dumptruck loads of shit shoveled her way every day. no wonder she's like i'm pretty, i sports'd in school, and I HAVE MY MASTERS what do you have!? huh!??! She doesn't want to yell that at this parking lot attendant, she wants to yell at at someone else and she can't.
all float down here, dont we libbies ?
:3
  +cirvinfox  wow
video..
dont think there's really any excuse for being abusive
get frustrated
i'm not excusing her behaviour at all. what she did was gross. and it isn't the first time.
i'd be frustrated too, but im not about to take it out on someone whos just doing their job
haven't watched the video
needs to go to the reeducation camp
  +bekabug  stat!
NATION IN THE WORLD! wooooo! \o/ go team usa!
  +libbies  'MURICA
Every 2 Homeless Children in 2006, There Are Now 3
article is going to make me rip someones head off
basically. don't live in the south, libbies
can't spell
  +libbies  etc.
  +bekabug  heeh
me either apparently. c'mon fingers. wake it up.
how does mississippi have a ranking of 51st on that map?
worse than puerto rico
not a state though
it's not included on this map so maybe it's a typo
  +libbies  oh
  +libbies  DC
DC is a state?
is tracked seperately
is surprisingly poor
is not a state
466th
  +libbies  46th
on the map i mean
for the nation's capital .-.
whole country is gross.
came as a surprise to me
in TN...on the county level...the only places that arent really bad off as far as this map goes are the suburbs of Nashville. but inside Nashville, bad news.
south dakota counties in the top five
In 2010, the center of population of South Dakota was located in eastern Buffalo County.[4] The county's per-capita income makes it the sixth poorest county in the United States.[5] The Crow Creek Indian Reservation inhabited by the Crow Creek Sioux Tribe makes up the majority of Buffalo County. Unemployment is 57%; many homes lack kitchens and/or indoor plumbing.[6]
  +libbies  :(
  +bekabug  whoa.
of trans people that care about Jenner: ~0
  +LambdaSix  Y/N?
  +LambdaSix  :P
fed up with hearing anything about it tbh)
care.. in that im worried about them becoming the defacto representative
is that, I suppose.
surely no more a danger than.. uh.. what's her face
that the media is like swarming like ignorant vultures around it
news presenter, stuck her foot in it a few weeks back
is that LambdaSix
Which part?
tv news presenter stuck her foot in it
oh, uh, lemme look
Zoey Tur
interesting article. Reading the comments, though, just contributes to my forming migraine.
dont read the comments
i dont quite know what i thik about gendered schools
slashdot
a positive move to get women into STEM without having to face stigma and harrassment
expect the comments to be any good :p
they're all bros
university is 70% women and the bio program is very VERY woman-heavy
really, really nice - there’s a lot less garbage and a lot less stigma
of the lecturers are women, most of the students are women, and it’s a really supportive friendly environment
if it were all women….. :O :O :O
Keilana. that'd be an amazing environment to be in.
something special
my lab will be like 10 women and 1 man, and it’s run by a woman
amazing
potatoes
new world plants
  +epi  maize
  +epi  is
  +epi  amaizeing
hi
  DR| hi
epi
everyones favourite new world plant
  +Keilana  potato
  +Keilana  potato
em mash em stick em in a stew
think mine is the chili pepper
just love new world plants in general
tomatoes and potatoes and chilis are 3 of my favorite foods
your favourite old world food though?!
  +Keilana  hmmm
rice? or wheat?
about you DR|?
  DR| hmmmmmmm.
favourite ancient food is quinoa :D
  DR| ha
rice is up there. i like oranges a lot
wait
garlic
those
onions
my Arabic prof brought in these dough things yesterday (they have a bajillion names) and I got one filled with artichokes and onions and soft cheese and it was the most delicious thing I’ve eaten
to people who don't yet know better: quinoa is actualy relatively recent, and the people for whom it is a staple crop (ie. makes up a significant amount of their food) can no longer afford it
just as good/bad for you as anything else
nice Keilana :D
what quinoa u buy
historically people in whats now peru ate potatoes, amaranth and to a lesser extent maize as staple foods
see quite a lot of quinoa thats grown here around but its even pricey as reg quinoa
interesting food note: the artichoke was introduced to the arab world (and europe) through the arab conquests of central asia
  eegor *pricier
makes sense, DR|
like food history
Islamic Empire incited sooo much trade and exchange
¬_¬
sorry im a dick
  +Keilana  tru
  DR| ;_;
neat
only had Islamic Art History and Israeli/Palestinian Conflict HIstory before so it’ll be nice to bring all that together
been reading up on the cuisine of al-andalus recently, fascinating stuff. because andalusi and to a lesser extent siculo-arabic food was SUPER influential on "european" cuisine at the time (in the sense that you can really claim that there was a "europe" at that point) and it's crazy different. not just the spices stuff (typical european spices at the time were ginger, cinammon, nutmeg,
saffron, cumin and pepper, others too, but those were the main ones. tastes kinda lebanese if you make a spice blend of it) but because sweet and sour flavours were really popular
vinegar (and verjus, citrus) was pretty ubiquitous, often balanced with sugar or almonds or fruit syrups. and they actually pretty frequently used a soy sauce analogue
from barley
kind of a world away from modern euro food
that’s rly interesting
  +epi  nom
food fad fans, they were crazy about almond milk
not a new thing :V
milk is delicious.
almond milk
i like it a lot. i like regular milk better but. lactose intolerance ;_;
don't like regular milk. makes my mouth feel all slimy
about cashew milk
tried it
really dense
better than almond imho
cashew milk?
also hazelnut milk
cant stand almond milk or soy milk =.=
its more of a dessert drink really
think you can make macadamia milk
milk is kinda odd
i like it more than oat milk
of the common vegan faux milk options
had almond milk
prbably like them if they didn't make me sick
  +epi  yeah
  eegor eucalyptus?
  eegor idk
haven't been internationally cultivated in volume yet though
i should have specified for food purposes
was trying a few years ago because most of our macadamia production goes to them
trees aren't all australian
  eegor oh
even oceania (NZ, Aus, Indonesia, Papua, etc)
like there's a lot of really interesting australian crops that would be neat to eat. lemon myrtle sounds great. and i've always wanted to try mountain pepper.
are american, some are asian, etc
myrtle is lovely
think i've had mountain pepper
it's widely eaten in cornwall and so easy to get in the uk but not here in the us
expensive here
many plants native to the region i grew up in are edible
of course i had to leave the uk...
ouch
just sounds intriguing. a kind of lightly junipery-berry that is sweet at first, but becomes intensely peppery in the mouth
leaves it a little numb
like native yams a lot
they seem cool
read a story where they were domesticated and they would actually in that context revolutionize world agriculture, since they're perfect for mediterranean/south african style climate zones and significantly increase the caloric output of those regions.
yams --> naturalized yams
dont think ive ever had an australian crop :(
that'd be good dr
natively they grow to huge sizes
libby
history of early "civilization" is in many cases an ecological history of matching a good starch source to an appropriate climate region
entirely by women i believe
  +Kaiserina  #rekt
might feel a tinge of pity 4 gators, just how much they fail entirely, then u remember they're gators
not associate ggers with aligators
  +Kaiserina  >:C
  +KittenGNU  Crickey
  +amelia_  Strewth?
on tha barbie
ggers with girlgamers
a fun fact, there are more people in the world than seconds in a life-time
deep
  +riddim 2deep4me
the writer of that article never kholed nuit
conception of ketamine's effects i've ever seen
  chelsey-dagger  waaaaat
should be renamed to automatra
is a masculine ending
misogyny/patriarchy
does what it wants and doesn't take shit from anybody
got raped today
you know we can tell when you change your username
  Argent_ !femops
up, if anyone called reavengrey joins, they're probably not gonna do well here
looking out chelsey
just seems to be the sort of person to whois someone calling them out and follow them into rooms
they were banned quite a long time ago
to know
you must be a girl with shoes like that.
?
it's a song :p
Dagger
  +Euryale  oh
was born in a crossfire hurricane
justice was pretty good
keilana isn't here :(
  +locas  awee
was confusing about it
haven't read the 2nd one yet
hell
  aawe  o
  +locas  hell
  +locas  o
couldn't remember what your comment was exactly
you mentioned it
  aawe  yes
  aawe  perhaps
don't remember what I have said
I liked it
to read the 2nd one
reading imperial radch is like being smacked in the face every 5 or 10 pages
subconscioysly/automatically assign gender (often male) to new or old characters, when they are referred to as she, and I immediately switch to thinking of them as female, and then I realise what I have done and realise I am an asshole and try to remove my gender-associated preconceptions of the characters
  aawe  then*
  +locas  oh
  +locas  lol
it was super refreshing
  +locas  because
very cleverly written in my opinion, the author probably knows exactly what she's doing
radchaii and marain are SUPPOSED to be genderless languages
leckie actually writes as if it's a language that doesn't regard gender
banks writes people speaking marain, he just genders them
then handwaves it saying marain doesn't regard gender
like the way leckie does it MUCH better
also helps that all of the radch people are actually gender noncomforming in the way they look
like having strongly gendered preconceptions of them is probably wrong
matter how you visualize them
knew marain doesn't regard gender
that's my point. First I gender them automatically, then the gender is switched to female because I read her, then I relalize what I am doing and facepalm
definitely the intent
for radch people gendering them is mostly useless
flipping around in your binary preconceptions is a more accurate portrait of them as thinking of them as a binary gender
you're write, very cleverly written :P
  +bekabug  everything.
ok...i have no way to fix poverty or hunger or the weather
realize it's a good thing that this is the most I have to complain about my relationship right now... but my husband should NOT steal my energy drinks.
for a secret stash? :D
complain about husbands for a sec.
WAS MY SECRET STASH
this is actually relevant to me hating being in charge of EVERYTHING
:O
cad!
had to tell him to leave them alone or replace them IMMEDIATELY but noooooo
on not having a husband
feel free to rant as well
him to stay out of your 5 hour energies OR ELSE
Monsters. He can have the 5 Hours, those are nastay
  +bekabug  xD
is why i don't think me going vegan again is going to work. because i'll have to get my own groceries and he might use my quinoa or something and I MIGHT STAB HIM.
  +amelia_  :O
quinoa?
  +bekabug  >.>
  +amelia_  <.<
a fork? not like...through his spleen or anything.
him in the arm, maybe
house needs to be tidied up. and he's laying in bed watching a baseball thing.
i scared amelia away
  +bekabug  ;_;
are you expecting him to do al of that?
should i not. :|
a relationship of two.
your point.
have apparently forgotten how to use my ?
doesn't want to trade for laying in bed watching $show-of-choice
work full time. he stays at home. it's saturday and i'm still working because i somehow have 3 deadlines on monday. or i would mow the yard or take the car for an oil change or do whatever. but i can't. and he never does any of this stuff. i asked him to give the dog a bath and he went and laid down.
  chelsey-dagger  :|
asked him to make coffee before i ran out to get breakfast and he didn't do that either. so now i'm waiting on the coffee maker.
just gone full blown DGAF mode
  +bekabug  anyway.
you know...i had a thing for amp energy drinks for a while. i don't think i've ever had a monster.
don't like the regular ones
did you have them hidden?
white ones taste like caffeinated orange juice
they weren't hidden per se, they were in the fridge, but he knows not to touch them
sounds pretty good
i'm sorry
happens all the time and he apologizes every time
an apology is not caffeine dammit
for a padlocked mini-fridge? :D
time to pull out full on Bitch Face
did he drink all of them?
had one last one. He always does this though
weaned off of my caffeine dependency but it's a treat I allow myself sometimes
for me to wake up on a lazy Saturday and having looked forward to just cracking it open and surfing the internets in my Star Wars footie pajamas...
ruined :(
do know this is a tiny complaint in the grand scheme of things and I should consider myself lucky it's my only complaint today
stilllllll
it's still frustrating.
  chelsey-dagger  Yeah
the bright side I found out it's like 72 degrees out
going outside doesn't sound as horriffic anymore
yay
been so cool here ...3/4 of the seeds in my tray haven't sprouted at all
  chelsey-dagger  :(
going to give them a few more weeks before i give in and start over
  chelsey-dagger  *nods*
are you that it's still chilly?
TN
that Michigan is warmer right now o.o
still down into the 40s at night. it's rained for about a week straight. today is our first really warm day

bad
how long before climate change kills us all
mins?
drought thing in california is troubling. which is why we are starting the garden.
any local community supported agriculture?
expensive, libbies
was curious
i had $500 at a time every 3 months i would build one heck of a greenhouse and nursery myself
of mine I'm seattle get vegetables from there's in exchange for volunteer hours
  +libbies  in*
could start a CSA yourself too
could!
i need these silly seeds to sprout lol
dangit!
we were looking at this house there was a really neat fruit and vegetable market right in the middle of town. they went out of business within days of us closing on the house :P
walmart opened a month later. e.e
afternoon :)
^_^
think i need....a pitcher of lemonade
tea
tea
  bajin :(
and half tea
:P
we could compromise
all about cooperation
  bajin yes
know what i haven't had for a while
shirley temple
not even sure what that is
ale and grenadine with a cherry
hmm.
love making non-alcoholic cocktails
only know that and the roy rogers as being non alcoholic cocktails
  bajin :(
  +bekabug  *gasp*
am so thirsty now
think i have to pin all these now
loves grenadine
  bajin lulz
why are all the recipes on different pages >:(
how buzzfeed works, unfortunately. they're famous for their lists.
don't generate a whole lot of content...they collect it and put their spin on it.
before i got to the last sentence of the first paragraph i was like ohhh i bet this tastes deliciuos like a creamsicle
  +bekabug  *delicious
  bajin :)
hey
thought there would be a channel like this
it attract trolls?
possible.
all the time
it consens amongst feminism that sex and gender are completely independent?
  +Keilana  yes.
are different ideas.
no
not in the way u might think
as u could see theres very little if any consensus in feminism :)
  chelsey-dagger  haha
no, they are not different
'sex' is the subset of gender that applies /directly/ to anatomy
as practiced is gender in doctor's clothing
query?
I suppose?
  +Euryale  why?
is a social concept
is sex!
sex is more easily categorizable than gender i think
there’s a limited amt of chromosomes you can have, if that’s yoru conception of sex
isn't!)
on how you define ‘sex')
i guess makes it social)
upholderof
That's the origin of my 'sex as practiced' phrasing.
yay everything is a social construction~
idk i dont think it is
what do you mean?
if u study the history of biomedicine ull see how ambigous it is
at what the ioc does for example
have grewt troubles with sex
did u meqn that sex is basically a regulatory practice?
It's everywhere! Get the gender off of me!
:D
mean "sex as practiced" in the sense of a doctor looking at your junk when you're born, as well as lay understanding of genitals/chromosomes/etc
the whole point of saying dfab/dmab, society designates sex
the most basic level sperm + egg = human and they come from different groups of people but that's not what people mean when they say sex
in here?
hi
Keilana
wondiws
nuit
up
much
  nuit  cool
do u think of feminism
in favor of equality, of proper feminism
Alyx the boss here? :)
improper feminism
read something like "Men's right organisations" are not allowed, what about men in general?
like nonsense like "ban the word bossy from the dictionary"
strawmen
  chelsey-dagger  Fun
these preachers of equality will I not be mixed up and confounded. For thus speaketh justice unto me: "Males are not equal." - Friedrich Nietzsche
ah, so like liberal feminism?
was just watching a video where it's called "3rd wave feminism"
I never heard of "Men's rights organisations" except for one dude who came twice on the Dr Phil show
for the record, it's not that men's rights organizations aren't allowed, it's that they're completely unneccessary and reactionary. Everything legitimate than MRAs claim to fight for, so does feminism
i dont think that periodization is really useful anymore
yes, men can be feminists. Many are.
is often used to be all like "well we really don't need feminists anymore and nth wave is just a bunch of shit"
  chelsey-dagger  ^
said by men who have no idea what feminism really is about and think it's just women who don't shave legs and want to rule the world
the complaint is not that feminist are not needed anymore, but that those are not really fighting for women's rights, but on social engineering and bullocks issues
not even being sarcastic, sadly
as?
are these "bullocks" issues
campaign to ban the word "bossy (woman)" from the dictionary
never heard of that
making it sound like that's the #1 priority of feminists everywhere
was mostly impotent liberal feminism though
mean theres a very very rich hsitory of feminists engaging with and interrogating language
in Sweden that there should not be toys for boys (cars I imagine) and toys specific for girls (dolls I imagine)... bullshit like that, while not complaining about FGM or rape
  nuit  hm
see
yes mostly extreme liberals yes
dealt with something similar
used to know this extreme homophobe from latvia
the extreme liberals, yes
you're annoying wondiws
letting girls play with cars and letting boys play with dolls is horrible? Also pretty sure that there's no feminist out there that's like "Toys are the important issue here. FGM and rape? Eh, unimportant"
was all like "well the gays they want 50% of teachers to be gay and special discounts on public transport no wonder everyone hates them"
many bales of hay did you have to buy for these strawmen?
are one minor thign
well there wont be toys for boys because there wont be boys
know?
COURSE there are more important issues jeez
you are talking about the demise of the Y chromosome?
clarify because you probably won't get it, nuit is being sarcastic.
I didn't get it
actually quite important to stop gendering toys
feminists (or anyone) don't focus on just one issue at a time.
not to go all "what about the menz" but we can trot out the point, like with everything, that gendering toys hurts boys/men as well
the matter with gendering toys?
think it's not the toy, it's the child that selects the toy I suppose
learn through play, as kids
it sends an early message that "boys must do this" and "girls must do this"
not the child that selects it
everyone's allowed to use trucks and dolls, the kids can choose whatever
what SaturnMoriya said - parents choose the toys
the child that sees the toy store and the girls see they're supposed to be in the pink section
they can find a toy kitchen
color is important too
the boys get a fireman truck
whatever
you as a young boy dare to enter the pink section and look interested
not gonna end well for you
  chelsey-dagger  Yep
TV advertisements gets children excited too for toys, especially around Christmas or Sinterklaas here in NL
point?
u know a secret?
both boys and girls see both advertisements for girl toys and boy toys
  +SaturnMoriya yeah
they're only allowed to pick from their own gendered toys
advertisements for girl toys have - GUESS WHAT - girls playing with them
ads for boy toys have boys playing with them
I forgot that ;)
  chelsey-dagger  Riiiiight.
wondiws
done
face is like
already been there ;)
are more edu resources
I need to remember that command
plz remove wondiws
all the way outta here
  +SaturnMoriya thankyouu
you've already been there then you're just here looking for an argument
what kind of attitude is this?
us though
do u think of sinterklaas
as fuck
as hell
as crap
I am dutch
mania?
I'm not proud
that complaint I've not heard before
does the sexist part come into?
the toys?
term can encompass all ist?
of it
:D
  Fun istist
are so istist! :D
what is your age if I may ask?
may ask
everyone
I may ask why it's relevant right now
is 15
I wondered if you celebrated Sinterklaas as a kid, and how long that is ago
if I said yes
would you say
  Fun roleplayist
you tell me to 'think of the children'?
didn't you love Sinterklaas as a kid?
my question ;)
this ageism or what
did like parts of it
then I grew up
declare all ist illegal
  Fun :D
I realised how terrible other parts of it is
to nearest police station :D
  +SaturnMoriya are*
what are you trying to say
!femops
just trying to troll, methinks
around?
who?
is out :(
do we need to talk about foxes and otters and red pandas and other cute things as per usual
  +SaturnMoriya awe
yo, !femops
who's trolling?
suppose so
that spam?
came to ask if u know a secret
let’s talk about baby clouded leopards, SaturnMoriya and amelia_ :D
  +SaturnMoriya yay
leopards are cute, but I don't know if they can change their spots ;)
  +Keilana  hahaha
if the spots are good...
example.
nice link upholderof
are my comrades overseas
ashamed of how much my country wants to stay blatantly racist for the sake of "tradition"
what about bats though
BABY BATS
glad I got over my phobia of bats
they are u bros
are adorbs
ist are related
lovers :D
fun
are actually adults i think
well, Black Pete happens to be a black character historically
brofist yourself
  +amelia_  *BOOM*
that's not the point
can argue that all day
it's about what we see happening in it in the present
have like yellow translucent ears and snouts
seems like something u want for what?
the secret who knows it?
  Fun :D
of all ist
you are speaking utter nonsense I'm sorry
yeah, they look nothing like black people you see at school, in college, or anywhere else
cannot comprehend
the hell are you talking about?
they look like baby bats so I call them baby bats :D :D :D
wondiws
was talking about bats
fool
when i was like 5 i remember going to visit my grandparents who lived in this village
that’s awesome
there was a girl who was like 11 or 12 and she had a baby bat
  +Keilana  !!!!!!!!
well since u asked 1) its fairly obvious capitalist communist feminist racist aka all ist is same
  +SaturnMoriya uguuuuuuuu
a cool lil girl, that’s awesome
are labels lovers
I’m super jealous :D
I've seen the bat orphans vid before <£
they still don't ;)
we're racist because we're feminist you'll fit in well here
  +amelia_  <3
go away.
:D
  upholderof  !femops
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pls
grandparents told me not to touch it but whenever i would see the bat i would hold it
need chuu
CUTE I DIE
fitness is a matter of willing to fit
  Fun :D
was smaller than the ones in this video
maybe a mid sized rat
love their lil ears
cute bats
Barbie is a Jesus
  Fun :)
didn't know bats were cute until I saw them in real life
so so glad I’m not afraid of them anymore
I met some baby bats and they helped :)
they transmit rabies by sneezing or something
/ SaturnMoriya / nuit / upholderof: since nobody seems to be about, maybe if we all ignore them, and with wishful thinking, they'll shrivel up and die? The trolls I mean, not the bats :)
  upholderof  hahahhahahahaha
gonna go now I think
that’s usually how we deal with them
you rule hah
please dispoose of fun and wondiws asap
talk about cute animals till they go away
you suck
bye SaturnMoriya
bats are cute though
u already done it :D
want a PM when they're gone?
it's time for me to go to bed p:
ok
tight SaturnMoriya
ya I'm gonna grab a burger
well sleep well :) happy, troll-free dreams!
in dry bread?
let the trolls bright
is water?
  Fun :D
  +Keilana  uh
  +SaturnMoriya nightynight
  +Keilana  bite…fail
try
  +SaturnMoriya hahaha
  +SaturnMoriya :3
sweet dreams of feminism
= water? :D
apparently those white bats just snuggle together in large leaves
no maybe?
now I want a burger, darn it :(
nuit
the cutest thing
am I a troll?
  upholderof  lol
the topic of cute things
becouse u not  a fake gay? :D
nuit
so cute
I don't get it
can’t be scared
by the way 4 baby kittens are coming tomorrow
lil ears
mom is scared of bats which is a shame
don't get anything in this channel to be honest
upholderof ur getting kittens???
bats sometimes fly into people's apartments here
the big dog here gently carries shoes and toys and stuff
I'm hoping he polices the baby cats
its rather simple
carries them around
I'm a troll for no reason
happened 2 years ago and i had to take it out
that would scare the everloving shit out of me
u happen to love labels? :D
labels?
just put thick gloves on
kind
that is teh cute
mom is scared itll get into her hair or something
like to gaze sometimes
  wondiws no
didn't even know i liked animals but now there's 7 new ones in the house and they are chill as fr*ck
I can’t imagine a bat wanting to be in hair
think its the texture of the wings that people find upsetting
if u arent a label addict then 0 need to accept labels such a troll as a gift
I like wings
  Fun :D
WE’RE ADOPTING A CAT IN 2 WEEKS AND IC AN’T WAIT TO HAVE ANIMALS IN THE HOUSE
do you handle 7?!?
feel weird when u touch them too
really fragile
  +Keilana  orly?
never touched one
look rly translucent though
to handle it
  Fun easy
a joke or two
You'll get over it quickly, when said cat covers every surface with hairs :P
  +Keilana  hehehe
have to cat-proof my room with its alarmingly large yarn stash
  +amelia_  #talkingfromexperience
  +amelia_  #hairsareEVERYWHERE
  +amelia_  #imeanEVERYWHERE
  +amelia_  #bloodycat!
pee smells lovely
the sofa
scratching :D
hICCUPS
  +Keilana  eek
gonna have a lot of work to do
  Fun yes
feminism it about removing equality?
reducing quality?
love you Fun ;)
  Fun :D
#killingallmen
gal men?
  Fun hm
yes I do love girlllll :D
  chelsey-dagger  #notallmen
fuck tall men, that's why
now what's the problem with tall men?
at all
fuck them
it's still you
it into silly No Tall Men
tall chelsey-dagger ;)
best not to feed the trolls..
women allowed unless entered :D
same logic
are you a troll?
good point
 hey sista
  Fun :d
for the record my husband is 2" shorter than me and other partners are taller. Not that it matters.
brotha
you cannot explain why I am a troll
how do i crush the patriarchy?
at least u are honest
simply, open eyes
that act shatters inner illusion
taller than my significant other
beat my man
level of honesty here
done :D
this point I can't tell how many trolls are talking
out until this shit passes
least 3
go anywhere without all this transgender nonsense ?? WUT
that 4
  +Carlexi  !femops
about that chelsey-dagger :(
there’s no ops around Carlexi
  +Carlexi  lame
your favorite cute animal Carlexi
cute animals
cute
can stay for that
  +Keilana  :D
none of u said lover
  +Carlexi  hmm
general I don't talk to trolls too much
  Fun partner
my favorite way to deal with trolls
  Fun etc
deal
  Fun :)
we talk over the trolls about things like cute animals and such
foxes are pretty cute
best way to deal with troll is to slit your writs and write about them on tumblr
it until the trolls are gone
we were just talking about flying foxes Carlexi
you seen the baby bat orphan video
cute! Mine is too big to "boo" now :P
chelsey-dagger
yes however how long can u wait till u have to look in the mirror?
that’s so cuuuuute
it?
girls require makeup sometimes
could watch it all day
girls :D
makes me even more excited to adopt a cat~
could watch cute kittehs all day
keep yall updated on these 4 kittens and 2 cats
so the other day I slayed an OKC troll, and he came back a few days later saying "Miss you"
never lived with cats before and am very much a dog person
sure he's a masochist getting what he wanted from me
have a cat!
so u slayed part of u
name is Gir
for? :D
wish it were possible to keep bats
PUT MY PENIS IN CAT
friend posts okc trolls screenshots to her fb and we JUST LAUGH
upholderof I can’t wait to hear about it
why cat?
I have soooooo many of those
prefer girls
are going to do hilarious things
cat is cute
become a wildlife caretaker person! then you can be like bat lady
chelsey-dagger
 seems guys here also like cats
 and Keilana dude
  Fun :D
  genocide  nah
have owners already so we're looking for one more adopter
= too happy
how long do you keep the kittens for?
if cat have sex would it be ok with u?
idea
feminist person have cat that love free sex?
a good gif
chelsey-dagger u r my fave
animals havent got any awaness when it comes to labels they just exist
cute
took that picture :)
is that ur cat???
it's my ex's sister's cat
chelsey-dagger your kitty is so cute
  +Keilana  omg
  +Keilana  dfakjsdfhlaksjdfhlaksjfdhl
  +Keilana  hhahahahahahahaha
  vLK labels
  vLK awareness
och kvinnfolk
:D
amelia_
plebejer och kvinnfolk
said
  Fun :D
can’t wait to show off our cat
2 and grey and very very friendly
  +Keilana  hahah
we just have a ##feminist gif pool
I have my own gif pool I can share
so fluffy!!!
y’all are on twitter, alialliallie got me to follow @emergencyfox
yay they're around
more fun
I have another good one for trolls
fox is best fox
also genocide and wondiws and probably retroactively vLK
  +Keilana  yup
  genocide  ?
I will be forever grateful
  upholderof  YESSSSSS
hahaha
love zoidberg gifs
  upholderof  UNREAL!
not Zoidberg for sassy girlfriend? :D
  +Keilana  heh
are awesome
moi? Never for a minute :P
I'm getting PMs
ma gaw da slow loris
me in the morning
who chelsey-dagger?
  chelsey-dagger  VladolfPutler
nick and hostmask isn't showing up in my short-term logs anywhere
one of the earlier trolls though
  upholderof  lol
SO CUTE
so so cute
apparently an arrogant c*nt. I'm glad someone finally noticed
  upholderof  lol
at their fingers
short and stubby
one I recognise, but definitely a registered nick.. time for /ignore?
man chelsey-dagger
did you go so long without knowing?!?
  +Keilana  :P
I've known it all along, I've just been misandring along and no one else figured it out
  chelsey-dagger  Obviously
interesting
  upholderof  reactionarygifs.com
is a good one
hahahahahah thank you
<3
are really interesting Liebknecht
when you see the image naked, or unbranded, you start to really ask questions."
those cool folks left on account of the trolls but now the trolls are gone :(
still here!
SM I think, she ahd to go to be
to go to bed
on d key
good news
I just rememberd that
troll ZONE
troll ZONE
KNOWW BETTER
KNOWW BETTER
they don't, sadly :P
song is my jam rn
  +void|afk !femops
  +amelia_  Charming
worth them popping by... not.
trolls have been foodless tonight though :)
talked about cats, bats... next topic is... hats! :)
dang I love me some bats
are so dang cool
better
  Liebknecht  Uh
go to Mars :D
people!
thinks that all men should be castrated?
who thinks that all men should be castrated?"
  +KatelynQBS me
I'm sorry, but we don't allow that kind of bigotry on this channel
  +Euryale  >:3
just sounds fucked up
2 society
  +Euryale  kitty!
looking cat
much beauty; so little time. :')
  _1_srk2 hy
hey
  +void|home  moof!
Clarus the Dogcow!
  +void|home  Indeed!
have her tattooed on my ankle!
way! <3
:P
by the time I made it to 1 infinite loop, they'd removed the icon garden.
  +amelia_  :(
you a Looper then, or just an aficionado?
a big fan!
  +amelia_  :P
  +void|home  hahah
reminds me
You'll be around during WWDC, right?
again? Oh dear.
will they learn?
  modulus_  x
  +amelia_  y
sorry my finge slipped
  Altair123 eccomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
  Altair123 Hello
talking enyone?
are all?
dear.
  Altair123 O_O
  Altair123 hello
me please
  Altair123 ao
  Altair123 ^_^
what?
am Italian student
want to learn English
there any teachers for me?
this room?
is ##feminism, not ##englishteachersforyou
  Altair123 OOOOOOOOOOOOO_OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
  +amelia_  !femops
the names are so similar :-)
  bajin trollolololol
  +amelia_  Heh
interesting what people think "I don't english gud" looks like
can't the speaking well, old chap."
  chelsey-dagger  haha
  +mxtm lol
  upholderof  lol
yep
plugin suggestion in the second topic page!
the link seems to be dead
one of the links in the second page linked from the topic is dead
cow_2001
welcome to the channel!
  cow_2001  :>
anyone in here actually like Stalin?
met the guy :P
I mean
killed like, what, 20 million?
of those being his own people
  +libbies  oh
would anyone want that kind of communism to come back
cow is gone. i would've recommended the bookmarklet instead of the plugin
any kind, really.
PATRIARCHY
person was from montreal too ;___;
I don't think anyone is suggesting that we bring back Stalinism?
there's a quote from him there, idk.
someone wanted national socialsm back with a quote from hitler, wouldn't that be bringing back hitlerism?
is bad, my.
  Anoniem4l true
  +amelia_  *mmkay.
killed more people than Hitler, didn't he?
  Territoriojoven yes
  modulus no
people forget about it
any form
democracy, nor nazis
least national socialism worked for the germans
killed at least 60 million georgians
worked imho
of them twice.
  +libbies  lol
me, people haven't forgotten about it
mean, you fucking know about it dont you?
but not because the tv told me
are too busy talking about neo nazis and how to be politically correc.t
those are actually a current topic
not neo-communists?
aren't going around in streets bashing the heads of immigrants
they aren't exactly a threat to anyone's safety if you know what i mean
people talk more about hitler's killings because they were a bit all around europe, while stalin's was mainly in the soviet union and its republics
im not sure why we're discussing this
slaughtered a fuck ton of people lol
  Territoriojoven Yes.
why would we want either to come back?
hitler somehow not as bad as stalin because he killed less people?
that don't make sense thanks
think everyone knows dead people don't come back lol
pray to zombie stalin.
  +Kaiserina  lololol
the dark lord lenin
  +libbies  \o/
of Light you mean, worked to put a lightbulb in every home :P
the lord of light r'hllor
the night is dark and full of terrors
of Light - lucifer, satanism confirmed
baratheon true king of westeros remove lannister
took to calling me Mother of Dragons once
  +Kaiserina  khaleeeessiii
power + electrification = communism, hence communism is at least 1/2 diabolic. QED.
which house? :3
of the House Targaryen, of course :P
  +Kaiserina  aww
least national socialism worked for the germans" umm can we not
take greyjoys personally :P
you read the books or just the tv show?
to be sure not to spoil you :P
read the TV show all the time ;)
  +Kaiserina  damnit
all seriousness, I've not got around to either ... I'm a terrible person, I know :(
  +Kaiserina  ;_;
can't talk about all the awesomeness in house greyjoy then
they don't show it much in the tv show <_<
  +Kaiserina  :<
  +libbies  lol
  +Kaiserina  >men
awareness
had other men in that video saying it's not ok...
guess
ALL MENZ?!?!!
know that warrants you a session of gitting gud 'round these parts right
right now you are thinking like a man
wot
do realize misandry is not a thing and not all men is taken mainly as a joke right?
up vs kicking down
no thing like thinking like a man
  +Kaiserina  here
  Territoriojoven well
it
can misandry not be a thing when people hate you only for being a white male?
have car accidents all the time but women don't catcall men on the street
my god what have i come back to >.>
  +libbies  lol
can you oppressed the oppressors lol
right
thing you're gonna tell me is that i shouldn't be a naziphobe
the "hatred" you get as a white male is very different from what women & poc get
pls
many slurs and insults are there directed at men?
how many at women/PoC
most of the slurs directed at men are usually intended to make him seem more like a woman then like a man
  +Kaiserina  checkit
men
  upholderof  imo
don't think that means being a woman is used as an insult
  +Kaiserina  ...please
exactly what it means
that you should be a man
be such a girl"
pussy"
you're just being willingly oblivious
dick"
  upholderof  lol
being such a dick right now tho
  +Keilana  ^^
if you look at insults individually you would think its just insults, but if you start looking at insults as a whole...you start to notice a pattern
we're still focusing on insults. If we look into violence and suppression it's clear that misandry isn't real
1 out of 2 women in the world are raped every minute and they get paid 0.5 cents to the dollar compared to men?
~~~misandryyyyyy~~~
  +Kaiserina  ...
  upholderof  edgy
i sense a ban coming
that's a fact
know what else it is?
one
are you even here?
which one
gud
conduce of eat ban
an eye out for ya, stingray
need more 4XL clothes so I can just hide in a giant blanket
want a snuggie raincoat hybrid
a walking tent
CAN YOU KILL A GOD?
don't flail! :(
  +LambdaSix  -.-
nbc
shit is run by alec baldwin
everyone
  +amelia_  Hey
come femenists pssy whip their husbands, but then secretly masturbate to 50 shades of grey?
  +amelia_  !femops
there it is
handle any real questions
not a really question, it's a sweeping generalisation on your part.
its because you aren't satisfying to a woman
says i like women?
White people, heterosexuals, cis people, and abled people set the oppressive normative standards of our society. Attacking such groups does not qualify as oppressive speech and is not equivalent to attacking oppressed groups; reverse racism and misandry do not exist
a sweeping generalization on your part
know what I can't even be bothered to lurk/b8
just fucking putrid retards
what?
enjoy higher standards elsewhere in society
being held open
really? How do you work that one out?
  +amelia_  Pfft
results in divorce courts
automatic innocence in domestic disturbance calls
  +Carlexi  !femops
you have to be kidding me, right?
ignored.
How's it going?
  +Carlexi  freezing
than that, not bad
are you?
  +Carlexi  =3
like death, seem to have gone from a bad throat to a horrible flu-like thing, which is always an issue with me :(
i'm so sorry =(
all just seem to be parroting doctrine
just getting over something like that myself
fine, I'm just always wary, because it tends to go cold/flu-type thing > chest infection > pneumonia far too easily
think I'm over the worst of it, but still quite chesty :(
you have to be careful with it
you seem to be on the upswing though
society may set the "normative standards" of our society, but it allows groups like you to exist
not being oppressed at all
to a third world country
thing sucks and should be improved" != "it is the worst thing in the world"
is it with all the people defending idiocy with "can't handle any real questions"
your strawman and go away
feed the trolls! They're not worthy of your nuggets of wisdom!
  +Carlexi  ^
like "this thing sucks in a somewhat trivial way, therefore I'll dedicate my entire life to it, and turn it almost into a religion"
I find more cat pictures to share?
  +Carlexi  always
was convenient
  +Carlexi  lol
like starting an entire movement based on dislike of rainy days
  +Carlexi  handy
meowthhh
care of yourself amelia_
off now, Keilana?
an edgy guy
YES chelsey-dagger mOAR KITTIES
means we get to talk about cute aminals again
  upholderof  dope
I’m around, just saw on scrolllback you were sick
yang kitties <3
cuuuute
  +Keilana  hrm
  meowthhh  meow
alll like PLAY PLAY PLAY and the baby's like wat
  +Keilana  yasss
corgis
about time :)
puppies
baby sloths
can still do the cute animal thing even though edgy_bro is gone right?
I am 100% in support of cute animals at all times in ##feminism
  upholderof  awesome
at r/communism LOVES daschunds
  +Keilana  hahahahhahaha
feel that
  upholderof  lol
.. applications are welcome for a bed-tucking soup-spooning person of awesomeness... hugs are option, but preferred :P
just getting over a cold but I can at least breathe now
  upholderof  awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
shark =3
is always handy
sharks
  +amelia_  :3
bitty hammerhead
fox!!! attn alialliallie
cutes
bats!
are adorable
baby bat burritos!!!
I know, right? :D
the baby gotta love me
just saw that one hedgehog scampering around with the Sonic theme playing
  +amelia_  :D
mah lawd that's so cute
  +Keilana  heh
trying to complete Operation: Clean My Goddamn Room
been neglected awhile due to Giant Exam
  +Keilana  and...ew
  +amelia_  Ah
tip: rooms shouldn't contain ooze :P
shouldn’t contain dust bunnies the size of basketballs
appear to be developing sentience
BURN THEM
used vacuum. it was super effective.
  +amelia_  :p
WILD SPIDER APPEARS!
  +Keilana  aack
no spiders
any insects/arachnids
sentient dustbunnies
  +Keilana  nuuuu
noes!
BAM, the dust is gone.
  +amelia_  :P
  +Keilana  yayyyy!
single dog in our building just started howling
  +Keilana  help
somebody is walking by with a dog whistle?
I hope so
only meant to put one in each ear! I gave you three pairs! :O
  +Keilana  D:
don't put the fishing hook in your ea--
just going to stop now :P
FUCK OWWW WHAT THE SHIT
mental image
hurts me
  +amelia_  :(
i was a kid i once got a fishing hook in like between my eye and temple
nice
not recommend
  +Kaiserette no
  +Kaiserette no
  +Kaiserette no
  +Kaiserette no
  morganq no
I can contribute to this!
  +Keilana  aaaaaaaaaugh
had a pt who came in saying “okay so I went off my meds this week and the voices said it was a good idea to stab myself in the pelvis. So I think I need to get that taken care of and get back on my meds"
that's pretty much the sound you make, but with more caps.
doctor was just like “yuuuup, both of those things."
indeed.
my life
  +amelia_  Nooooo
:(
:(
those in my head
  +Kaiserette aaaaagh
tickle fingers are beckoning
you say
  RTRS - STRONG EARTHQUAKE SHAKES OFFICES IN TAIPEI, TAIWAN
  bajin :o
  +Kaiserette shit.
bears
got a knife I can borrow?
we not please?
triggers, etc. this is a little much onestly
  +libbies  honestly
that's a bucket full of assumption, and on one comment too :/ way to go
ryonaloli.
JSavage hi ryonaloli
JSavage, and upholderof
shelter
in taipei bajin?
(I can't get no) Satisfaction?
im thinking what you said before is related but i might be wrong
just the stones
  bajin lol
does anyone remember a music video from the early 2000s?
involved business men possibly fighting punks and then possibly moshing together?
don’t remember that but it sounds AWESOME
first guess was waterwings by alexisonfire or fight club by d12 but neither are right
Keter sup emilycontact
:-)
music
new to this site. So what are yall talking about this evening? :-)
  upholderof  oops
2001's angst mostly, emilycontact
feminism
angst? Or angst experienced as a society? Or both
any of you seen the film Half the Sky?
done.
have not, is it about Maoism?
wait, is it about those micro-loans to women in third world countries?
about the violence women are subjected to in across the world, yes. What do you mean by micro-loans? I've not heard of that.
the solution proposed to empower women giving them really small loans to start small businesses?
agnosticnixie
  +agnosticnixie  yo
no. It shows different efforts in different countries to rescue individual women. Eva Mendes and Meg Ryan are in it. Meg Ryan visits a safe home for young girls in Cambodia who have been rescued from sex slavery
much, had an amazing evening
some terfs for the trans cabal yesterday
is a terfs
that what made the evening amazing?
no completely different thing
exclusionary radical feminists, basically Janice Raymond's cult :p
thanks.
something new, every day... even if its not something i really wanted to know is a thing.
was the amazing part?!
cuddling, with another woman, basically
  upholderof  sweet!
cuddles!
healing!
  +Keilana  yaaaaay
agnosticnixie~~~ :D
that bit is personal angst, even though I guess on a ynical level most of that shit makes me a statistic :p )
think you're cool as heck and I'm glad you had a great evening
  +agnosticnixie  lol
I guess
glad you had an amazing evening too :p
R HERE
OR IT DIDN’T HAPPEN UPHOLDEROF
don't even know how
they are buddies
or "buddies"
cat walked buy
dog raised the two cats I think
awesome
:3
  emilycontact  CUTE.
go check out the actual baby kittens latet
  upholderof  later
ladies! Thanks for letting me join yall tonight :-)
I saw the babyfox

  +Keilana  BABYFOX
  +Keilana  BESTFOX
  +alialliallie yesfox
  +Keilana  foxfoxfox
would be p amazing
ryonaloli
are you rizon adie?
  Adie  no
rizon
right...
she's a troll lol
were that one guy who was always wanting an updated IP address...
IP address? i use a vpn, if that's what you mean
me
u wanna doxxx me
  ryonaloli what?
u need mah IP
you are adie from rizon :/
pull me into your trolling
  Adie  hmm?
  +epi  !femops
you epi. (for people who haven't met her, adie is a persistent troll that hangs out on rizon)
did I do something?
have no idea :1
runs a website dedicated to the torture/killing of children
  ryonaloli :/
  Adie  YEAH
got u now
was anticlimactic
usually ends up spamming sooner than that lol
is bullshit and i can prove it by asking 4 questions or less
  Guest72314  hello?
  +Carlexi  lol
I really wanted to hear the questions. I bet they were really compelling.
feminism doesn't need men, why are men so stupid?"
the quote bot can't really handle five-line quotes. which is a shame, because the room's logs from their /join message to their /quit message stands alone as a beautiful piece of art
hi
want your advice
the director of education committee of the student congress (yes, it's a thing here) and we have been discussing the gender ratio in our universities. Because of forced military service for men, and a great number of them being looked at as source of money in their families, they don't attend universities, or even when they get past university entrance exam, they get into worthless majors and dropout soon after.
F/M literacy ratio here is 3/1
we have been discussing equity,
there a better way which doesn't include economic improvements, or lifting the military service?
solution I thought of could be deemed as sexist, e.g. male only literacy encouragement programs, or the equity thing
more stats: in elite majors, like MD, or compsci the F/M ratio is 5/1
  +AbigailBuccaneer !femops
  obeydick  what
did nothing wrong
name is not what you think it is
  +AbigailBuccaneer ta
what country is this?
Abigail ^_^
  +AbigailBuccaneer morn'!
check the pm please
i'm not entirely sure where your numbers came from? from what i know of iran, and unesco+unicef's numbers agree with me, literacy rates are marginally higher for men, secondary school attendance is marginally higher for men
numbers were given to us by moedu
of education
the thing is that they we see it every day, more men work at low income jobs
jobs without job security
drivers
  pnsrc builders
  pnsrc miners
workers
fact: moedu gave us stats showing that the sexual segregation in schools, tend to increase the lgbt demo
have many fun numbers there
just somewhat confused because the moedu statistics don't seem to match up with any other statistics i can find whatsoever
to unesco: 55.2% of women enrol in tertiary education, 55.1% of men
surveys showed us this,
research and experimental development fields (which you would expect to be highly correlated to tertiary education), women are 26.6% of the employees
one md class there were literally no men
women tend to get the degree but get married to a better husband
just don't use the degree
seems paradoxical.
here is paradoxical
are less educated and worse off job-wise than women" "women get a degree then marry an educated and well employed man"
small amount of men who get the degree get the job
unemployment rate is high
numbers say that in 2012, women were 11% of science university graduates
graduates from science programmes
trust ours because I was with the surveyors, elite majors are filled with women
I came across this idea
the tuition waiver that comes with the entrance exam
get entrepreneurs to give tuition waivers with a contract to work for them after graduating
education definitely helps all under-represented groups get into education
tying it into getting a job with some enterpreneurs isn't such a good idea i think
is that what you're saying? I interpreted it as the fee is currently waived for everyone, but in this system it would only be waived for people with a contract
  pnsrc yeah
do you mean by "lift the tuition waiver"
to which one of us
it
it's currently something that costs students nothing
you want it to cost something unless they have a contract?
other way is equity
you define that
what you're talking about sounds like an extremely terrible idea but I'm still not entirely sure I'm following
equity thing is
i interpreted "tuition waiver" as meaning "tuition fee", it's the only way it made sense to my brain
yeah my brain did similar flips
get people inside the universities according to their gender ratio in their demo
if we have 100 chairs, 50 be male and 50 female
don't want equity
still stuck on the "lift the tuition fee waiver" thing
let me explain
it sounds terrible compared to the other thing no matter which way
can you clarify what you mean by "tuition waiver"?
I learnt the other day that in the US "tuition" means "tuition fee"
maybe "tuition fee waiver"?
how I read it
even then what is meant by "lifting" that
can only read it as removing a thing that would otherwise waive a fee
read, reinstate a fee
it's a strange way of phrasing it
my country, if you give the university entrance exam, you could get tuition fee waiver, meaning you don't have to pay for the classes, but if you want to present your degree to a foreign university, you then have to pay it
a scholarship?
that
you have to pay to give it too a foreign university? That's strange
  pnsrc yeah
  pnsrc exactly
presumably to discourage (/profit from) educated emigration?
have the highest ratio of brain drain here
guess
you want to make it so people have to pay unless they have a contract
just need to find a way other than equity
do you think making people pay is going to help
why is equity bad
why I came here
advice?
I don't think any of us here believe your statistics
if we did i'm not sure we'd be all that interested in changing them if you claim that women still aren't actually getting jobs
don't get jobs without job security though, unlike men
if I was willing to entertain your statistics, the problems you're talking about are in a lot of ways created by patriarchy
not interested either, but if I don't make any better suggestion, the equity thing is gonna get to majors other than MD
I ask what's wrong with equity
wrong with getting rid of forced military service for men?
a good question
thing is that we are not big enough to change that
it was up to me things would change,
many things
if you can't make things better, try not to make things worse
aid money and putting it in the hands of capitalists seems like making it worse
but if they get into university immediately after finishing high school
a blocker thing actuallym it's called being "posht-e-konkuri"
I guess your advice is to go with equity
you say you can't change things, but you also seem to be afraid that "the equity thing is going to get to majors other than MD"
we have an equity thing for MD majors
want to get it into engineering
will be disclosing this to my friends at the committee only if any you don't have any problems
the irc log
you say it like that it sounds really fuckin creepy
it sounds like you're coming at it all wrong
your statistics are correct, which I still don't believe
only human
should focus on getting the women with degrees jobs
again I'm only in education committee
you have some contact with people that might create post-education contracts
proposed solution involved that
that I can do, because it only involves removing the waiver
not actually dealing with the people who would be making the contracts?
reiterate how terrible that idea seems to be for actual students
could have proposed it under the proposal
I don't think I'll do it
a socialist it would be counter anything I believe in
on the other hand the unused degrees
a socialist I'm surrpised you would even entertain the possibility
think another solution would be make the employer the government, we already have practiced it as "half-concentrated majors"
looks like the equity thing will spread
I have to go meet my friends somewhere, I'll stay for 10 minutes while getting ready to go, just in case something pops up
you need to contact me reach me at my email address
one is gonna email you dude :P
would be good :P also I'm not a dude
it rhymed
you can always come back and bring it up again
if you stay connected someone might highlight you with a response
will be discussing it tomorrow, and then it will be closed for good so I guess I won't bother you again
for assuming about the dude thing, most people that come here wanting us to do their homework are dudes v_v
didn't want anyone to do my homework, and I'm not paid for what I do, I just came here for suggestions
the record, I'm not associated with banzaikitten. I'm just here because I saw my first clitdick earlier and I was impressed. =)
in a fire you sack of shit
I'm sorry.
SG1|Hereish and uKip
it's been 10 mins, bye
wrong channel again, thats an article about an artist that uses cheese and other rotting things for his art.. jfyi
  _1_Milan  hi
had no idea anti-homeless spikes existed until recently
almost makes me physically ill that someone could come up with that
it's pretty gross. :|
me of that church that installed water spreying devices that automatically turn on regulary so anyone staying below them would get wet - with the same goal ...
  enchilado :|
that shit :c
would vandalize that crap so hard
in SF, wtf :c
/me just discovered instantcheckmate.com. That is creepy stuff ....
that message saying "No one will know that you did a search on them. Your information is 100% private" - yeah, because that site cares about privacy aloooot ....
wow
is totally solutions to battle homelessness
people like dirt
a church ... I'm mean don;t they pray all the time to not behave like arseholes?
to be more common than i thought, at least here in germany water sparying devices seem to be used in different places agains homeless people, i read of shops and public places where this is deployed.
the best part of creating a brand new identity for myself is that there isn't any of that kinda cruft out there :3
started to look for myself, but it only seems to cover us citizens. then i looked for funny names, like john doe or darth vader
john does, no darth vader so far ... :(
old name was super common so there are probably tons of hits <.<
is creepy
full ack, I can't believe that record keeping entities would give access to them so easily
i never actually had a website lock up my entire com[upter before x.x
theres prolly plenty on me out there, at elast state-federal stuff
i did not actually looked at data they provide, so it also could be a very elaborate scam ...
couldnt, crashed computer
guess they ask for money to actually give you something, did not go that far, at some point i thought it is more of a progess bar simulator ....
half expect the report to say "HOLY SHIT THIS PERSON'S A T****Y!" in big blinking red letters
  +tachikoma  lol
get the feel that site might be quite frequtented by insecure people trying to catch their SO cheating or something tabloidy like that
i feel sicker every hour, will head home and try to get some rest :( have a nice day/night
  +libbies  :(
feel better soon
morning...
than trolls
story.
420
got my jam jams on like a good girl
already?
always in my jamas when im at home personally
comfy yo
out of curiosity, why is recreational drug use and alcohol related discussion against the rules?
it's illegal in many countries
to talk about
alcohol use is also not considered an OK topic in here
like I said
why?
in the rules. questioning the rules is not allowed.
  +LadyCailin lol
i imagine some have issues with the topic
#5: Users Complaining About “Authoritarian” Moderation Methods Will Be Banned.
not complaining :p Just wondering
because addiction recovery is a /thing/ and we're doing our best to support that and one way to do that is to put a stopper on people talking 'bout how they got high all day :1
just being silly. :D
  +LadyCailin ah
yeah... definitely not because some of these drugs are illegal
gosh. what idiot said that...
  +bekabug  >.>
  +LadyCailin lmao
DARE YOU QUESTION MY AUTHORITAY!
I need to do this coffee thing if I'm to be an even remotely effective worker today
it going Euryale
am in the middle of some major procrastination
in the middle of wake-up cuddles and they're the /best/
very nice, very nice
begs the question: what the fuck am I doing here?!
  +bekabug  right?
cuddle. geeze.
  +bekabug  lol
  +LadyCailin lol
cup of coffee...done. time to...shove some pixels around.
is neat
make cool things with magic words
our government acts like this I wonder what ww2 was for, and the rest of the country hates us more and more, lady liberty is not a whore~
ladyliberty is totally a whore and /there is nothing wrong with that/
been up her skirt :3
</badjokeshutsup?
that is my life haha
  +LadyCailin hehe
was singasong
bonnette king songwriter
is not a protest it's a tortoise slowly pushing through a race. I hope the tortoise keeps its patience while the hare continues to pepperspray its face~
good...
pigs
point, better to have them out of places of power.
  +Euryale  yup
like how peeps be trying to deny that it's an issue of race (and gender)
by like I mean GIAWWEUFNAIEWUFWEGOWGWJ
is a powerfull force indeed
but everything is perfect, everything is fine! no need to upset the status quo
my fist enragement status quo
  +cirvinfox  lol
quo sucks..
they behave properly, you will say there is no problem. When they complain loudly, you will say they cause their own problems with their impropriety. And when they are driven to extremes, you say you will not reward such actions. What will it take for you to listen?”
like that quote
simply, if a movement is not a threat it cannot change a system based on centralized coercion and violence, and if that movement does not realize and exercise the power that makes it a threat, it cannot destroy such a system." --Peter Genlderloos
my god there’s these two dudes in the cafe talking about how sex outside of marriage is bad and girls are slutty mc sluts who seduce men into sinning
my GOD
  +LambdaSix  ._.
are too independent these days"
quote
  +Keilana  NONONONONO
must be so difficult for them, having no free will of their own
where do you live
  +Keilana  chicago
being unable to defend themselves against female seduction
menz have it so hard ;_;
just wanted to eat soup and write my paper :|
my goodness
just remembered I have a can of chicken soup leftover from the last time my boyfriend got me sick and guilt-gave-me-soup
  +GorillaWarfare \o/
  +Keilana  yassss
  +Keilana  #winning
did i part >.>;;;
a while ago, apparently
was totally wondering why it happened, more than when, I guess
i clicked the wrong thing somewhere, dunno
sometimes accidentally close a tab by middle-clicking it :1
have too much faith in mom
thought the family therapy session would be serious progress
it became more scapegoat palooza
YOU DO THINGS THAT FUCK ME UP I WANT THEM TO BE ADRESSED
  +cirvinfox  :/
  +AFKMoriya  sure
mom doesn't listen
/frustration
today is international weed day
that hilarious and edgy
  +cirvinfox  heh..
I can't stop speaking sarcastic
it's about cute animals
that's really fucking gross
in the background?
  Adie  yup
like it a lot
just occured to me that i have three red/white dresses >.>;;
don't think it's a coat
of the other people in there aren't wearing coats
maybe
takes it off later in the show cuz she 2 hot
coat... sweather... I rly dig the style
me of white mages
your internets come from a sustainable internet source? Know before you click "go."
check 1, 2 what is this?
CAT NUMBER 1 IS MY BUDDY
you quite okay, upholderof?
new kitties moved in
  +Euryale  !!!
kitties!
how do I get them to be my friend?
  +libbies  uh
treats? >_>
don't really know how i befriended my cat
that i did
cat doesn't like treats
like me because I petted it
weird
is also sitting on my arm right now
now it keeps crashing in to me
on the treats maybe?
not any
petted the mom one and she didn't bite me or nothing
cats needs to not be imposed upon. Approach them gently. If they back away, give them space. Allow them to sniff your hand and get to know you. Remember that cats are like people and require personal space.
to know
remember that animals don't have the language skills needed to enforce their personal space. Allow them to make gestures of assent to being touched or interacted with. They will appreciate that and will feel much safer around you knowing that you won't manhandle or touch them against their will.
is not the first time i've said this today: cats are incapable of consent
  upholderof  woah
all makes sense
notice how cats seem to love people that hate cats?
I don't think I'm talking about what you think I'm talking about but... definitely.
because those people avoid the cats, and the cats feel safer because of that
this
absolutely love cats but I also know how to respect cats
your eyes instead of staring at the makes cats feel safer
dirty predators
too
the /worst/ thing you can do is reach for the cat
training my cat to fistbump
hold my fist out and she headbonks it
awesome
  +Carlexi  =3
getting a cat in the next few weeks
excited
going to do the fistbump that's awesome
  chelsey-dagger  hehe
already headbonks most things so it's been easy to do it, and I say the word each time to get the association. I think It's working
also knows what "gooshy food" is
cats have gender?!
can stare at them and make them uncomfortable I guess
I would say that as a social species, yes, they do have gender.
shit!
know cats were social. i'm pretty ignorant about animals.
too
could tell you a lot about fish though
also, there's some confusion between gender, which is the cultural interpretation of sex, and neurological sexual characteristics which determine sexual behavior. These two things get mushed together in /humans/ and it's even worse in animals ;)
eh
she started out with a uterus until she got fixed, so I call Gir a she
whats the g stqnd for?
?
  +cirvinfox  nvm
a troll from the other day in here just PM'd me
dear o.o
a loser
cats think that cats have gender
cats disagree
  upholderof  lol
throw them back under the bridge!
cumberswagged them
sure I saw someone link that recently, very nice
<3 suitable for all occasions!
was probably me again :P
bajin

  captain_teapotzz  hellooo
  +void|work  Hello.
  captain_teapotzz  hi
  captain_teapotzz  sup
moon?
  bajin :o
veiny cocks
  Upstand lol
yar zetkin [0x1f415] aawe Adie ahf aklapcin aklapcin_ Alan ali Alicia alyx Anoniem4l Argent_ captain_teapotzz carvite CGML chelsey-dagger cscorley daz dfgg discopig dlitz dv- Eelis elizzza Emi enchilado fiyarburst formeridiot geraldbrent Guerillero hattusili_III hypatia implementation iocis ishanyx JanusLi jodym
justJanne KingEdgar klassiker lahwran LennyKitty Liebknecht mchelen meeple modulus modulus_ MoeD moondoggy morganq munch mxcosma_ nivi nortti nuit petn-randall Pricey pyon q3k rdema speak stoopkid systemd Tjis TMM tmro tsumetai` udevd upholderof Upstand WalrusPony yashi
  geraldbrent !femops
I thought something interesting was happening :(
we get a ban up in here?
  +libbies  ;___;
  Upstand no
Me too!
  +kellanium  !femops
up and take my dick
Upstand, magnitude of the vector (4, 4) can't be 4, right?
I got so excited, I was like !!!! feminism is talking about something!
gotta be doing the math wrong
no u take it in ur nose and inhale ;x
should talk about something :)
  +erisrenee  thanks
are dumb throw rocks at them
<3
  +Keilana  hahaha
pew pew
  Liebknecht  Aw
  Liebknecht  Cmon
person should be banned for life, I was busy learning about logic gates
been attempted, unfortunately
learning about linear algebra and doing trig to figure it out
going to bed tbh
a mathematician btw
there's no way the magnitude of (4, 4) is 4
there?
way
hitting multiple channels, it appears.
  geraldbrent Anyway.
not 16
  upholderof  haha
that's 32
  upholderof  sqrt32
that's more like it
  WalrusPony  a^2+b^2=c^2
yeah
was just doing the numbers wrong
was trying to make 4*4 = 8
  Guerillero  grr
then it'd be 8+8 = 16 and then sqaure root 16 = 4
  lahwran square
  geraldbrent ∆
thing
I should've been in bed hours ago... sigh
are men so disgusting
8 ball says "try again later"
- she's been doing that strip for a while
pretty cool
I love that!
  +LadyCailin woot
got my comcast bill lowered by $15/month
  +amelia_  Congrats!
there cable company choice or is there only one option usually?
one uption normally
the cable companies are a cartel!
capitalism, yay!
here read carol gilligan?  PS Ken Wilber?
really famous book "In a Different Voice" showed how lots of developmental psychology used male college students and came to conclusions about humans without testing other sexes/gender (however u want to approach that)
cool though: she found that women go through very similar developments, only "in a different voice" so similar levels, but in different mode.  where one would care about themselves, care about themselves and their closest loved ones, then carea bout themselves and those around them and everyone else on the planet
saw some fascinating stuff about female brain / male brain studies
course this is all tendancies, there are plenty of female fighter pilots who can spot a mig and shoot it down and a male hair dresser who can coax out your inner problems
interesting that all humans start out as xx and only develop later into either xx or xy, but everyone is female to begin with
of note,  lanna wachowski of the matrix fame
to be "larry" wachowski
had a great movie called "bound" before the matrix came out
gershon and jennifer tilly
there is a fascinating shot during an "intimate" scene, where the camera swivels around them on a bed, exactly in the same manner as when neo does his famous "trinity, help!" bullet time lean back bullet dodge shot
is a male brain
not much lol
  nuit  lmao
that would be "sex" vs "gender"
one may be born male, however they would identify with the female "gender"
could take it a step further, and change their "sex" and have a physical change
difference being that sex takes place in the outer world, and gender takes place in the inner world
is why we have lots of people who feel "trapped" in the wrong sex
gender, female sex, tom boy (i know terrible word)
star trek episode where an alien race doesn't pick a gender until they go through puberty
this guy/girl falls in love with this guy
she picks female or something
wouldn't it be interesting if 1000 years in the future, you pick your gender when you are 13 or 14
sex
gender :(
  saiyate :)
you p ick it based on your inner gender
hell, you could pick the opposite if you felt that way
messaged me and told me to clarify my point here
can "tell" a person to "act" a certain way, your physical body may have a "sex" but "gender" is far more ambiguous
could have tendancies towards one side
even micro interactions on a day to day basis
to smash sex and gender totally, and say that it doesn't exist is to deny and hurt all of us.
is gender purely phenomenological then?
is it also a social practice?
if it is one, then isn't every utterance of sex necessarily referring to a pre-social fiction
exists in both psycological, first person terms, AND sociological third person contexts
I feel about my gender, and how SOCIETY feels about gender
exists within the context of the other
you can't squash one and say the other doesn't exist
along side both of those, is the phsyical world
thats sex
three simultanious iterations of sex / gender
outer world, the inner world and the inner world among all of us
that was a terrible star trek episode, actually
yeah, but it was interesting to see it in popular culture
hold on, i'm just throwing out some stuff for debate, trying to talk about it with some people.  i certainly don't think that you HAVE to be trans in order to be in touch with your own identity
everyone be accepted?
  saiyate anyways
one else is talking
fine
engage with you but I'm emotionally exhausted and about to sleep
a few points...
sex is a facet of gender, at least insofar as we're concerned. That is, gender is the cultural interpretation of reproductive characteristics of human beings and 'sex' is that subset of gender that refers specifically to anatomy. Please don't do the 'sex is between the legs' fallacy.
wanna ask more but i know ur tired
idk i think the internal and external are only legible in reference to a boundary
this boundary can be displaced once the internal/external binary is challenged
... which is not to say that gender is not a 'thing' that can be experienced internally. There really is such a thing as psychological sex. Since I'm a biological essentialist (and because the science supports me) I'm going to point out that trans people have neural structures that correspond with their experienced genders.
psychology).
I totally agree, but whats the "sex is between the legs" fallacy?  isn't that "a subset of gender that refers specifically to anatomy?"  sex being the outside, the physical and gender being the inside the hermenoutical (can't spell that).
yeah... that's the falacy. There's this slogan "sex is between the legs, gender is between the ears" which is just WRONG
what is the answer to the fallacy?
word gender?
wait, i think i'm seeing a little more, the brain pathways are physical
yes!
is between the ears, too
mind blown
and sex is just a facet of gender, anyway
self care time
night
  saiyate gn
for the enlightenment
what im saying basically though is that there is no doer behind the deed
identity is constituted by "doing" gender
hmm
of doing gender?
in sexual contact with another?
be
ur saying there is no doer?
doer is constituted by the deed, yeah
is no primordial doer
i see
identity' is something that is best put out of your mind
psychological sex
not /just/ identity
like, ideally we could just all chill out and not worry about it
things would happen as they arise?
anyways
for bed too
for all that
do you call a man with half a brain?
  ob-sed  Gifted.
Peng.
bei uns ist das aber in der gesamten siedlung so
i meant in our neighbourhood all kids run around freely starting with the age 3 to 5 ...
ma mates
  mobeydick m8s*
dont h8 m8
also ♥ my transgender brothers
brother/sisters/undefined
to be politically correct
that right?
  mobeydick ♀
  mobeydick power!
mobeydick, welcome to ##feminism!
libbies
  +libbies  !femops
  mobeydick o.O
was it, that i did wrong?
that's just my instinctive response to everyone who says my name in here <.<;
ok
wanted to say hello
yui
  mobeydick all
be annoying, trying to troll a channel and nobody gives a fuck :)
buffer
to be honest
did nothing wrong
agree?
dont want to troll this channel tachikoma
serious about what im saying
  +kirjatoukka  !femops
  mobeydick o.O
guess you want me to get banned
why?
serious o.O and im a feminist
cant ban me for this
are you asking me to explain your assumptions
are weird
went well
have to wonder what they get out of something like that
1/10
attempt to troll, and left with a passive-aggressive quit message. Didn't even wait to be banned.
  +libbies  oh
  +libbies  wait
was a troll?
  +Carlexi  maybe
did nothing wrong
  +libbies  yup
to tell the line between troll and idiot sometimes
tried to be one i guess
glad i called it when i did
not a troll then bannable anyway
  +libbies  lol
day I'm going to write a troll bot, doing nothing else but starting a query with a troll and then writing random text ...
i didn't came to the pc sooner lol
  +Kaiserolla sorry
Even if it's a bot writing it, it'll give them exactly what they want: attention ;(
fake attention. They might be disappointed if they figure out the truth.
at least it would divert them from bothering real people.
nonetheless. I can see one outcome "Oh, they want war?? They'll get war!!", end result: More flooding and trolling in here
it's about 2 minutes at most until they realize it's a bot, so the diversion doesn't really help... ;(
taken.
think people have gotten into somewhat extended Twitter bots before. It's less real-time, so half a dozen messages to figure it out usually takes longer.
extended arguments with*
course it gives them attention - in a query - so they are busy with the attention
nobody else gets bothered
they retaliate with more trolling in-channel.
yeah, but you might be right about the outcome
writing such a bot is paying them ultimate attention in some way
in many ways, I reckon
think this channel deals with trolls the best I've ever seen. They are ignored as soon as anyone catches on, and then promptly kickbanned when possible
can't really do much more, if you're not always +m or invite only
the channel could be +m and users could be automatically made +v after idling for a total of 24 hours or so.
think the idea came from all the queries i get from the trolls ...
idk. i don’t know if that’s enough time to discourage trolls?
not too bad, although it might end up with the persistent trolls trolling as usual, whereas people genuinely curious about the channel not being able to talk when they have a chance (not everyone can leave their client on for 24 hours, for example)
true.
most of them, at least
people have short attention span
people’
if you go down that road, you risk alienating people who are just fine, for possibly no return. In fact, trolls might just get even more fun out of getting around these sort of protections
there are people who are in it for the long-con, integrate myself into the community and then troll everyone from within :P
think it's a mix of 10-14 year old boys and plain sociopaths from all ages
thing i had been wondering about is a bot that bans people if a certain number of trusted people (i.e., regular contributors to the channel in question) request it. it would need consideration of potential risks, of course.
hate votebans
that not be abused by a large number of trolls joining at the same time and tehn votebanning everyone else?
  +tachikoma  oh
that’s why i said trusted users.
people"
  +tachikoma  nevermind
voiced presumably
totally 21-35s
don't develop very much
feel like the gamergate folks are 21-35s
  +cirvinfox  men..
really uneccessary jab
  +libbies  #killallmen
the f
there are perfectly sensible teenage moderators and then 20+ or 30+ trolls. i don’t think it’s an age thing so much.
not a jab, sadly!
at least we can be sure that the trolls joining here are men ;)
Oh, please show me the scientific articles you have collected on the topic. I thought you were just expressing unfounded generalizations based on personal anecdotes
any more canned responses to share?
good are we going to have to have the ‘not all men’ conversation
I think so
i think that's unfair, i mean, there are totally women trolls in here :P
sure what to say now ;)
I should add a script that adds ("Note: When I say "Men", I mean 99% of men, and you may or may not fit into that category") in each of my posts on irc
is, there have been women who've previously trolled and have been banned and then unbanned with a promise of good behaviour
ok. did not expect that
come in all shapes and sizes :D
i'm still totally waiting for the appropriate moment to troll everyone :P
lot of women are pressured by the world around them to be very anti feminist :/
right
tachikoma :)
are loud, abrasive, and whiny! dont be like them, be nice and obedient and then we'll let you have stuff! -patriarchy
was a person who came in, dropped an anti-feminism youtube video, and said she was totally a woman
then left
</sarcasm
much the line of thinking cirvinfox just said, ++
I think I'm raising my daughters the wrong way then :)
nice and respectful is a different thing
can be respectful when telling someone they're a total fuckwit
being obedient means you wont tell the person they're a fuckwit
that! be good, keep your head down, and shut up. And feel ashamed and angry at thoes around you who do not comply.
niceness and respectfulness are socially gendered traits
I'll put my vote on them being men. Not to say women don't do that, but you know, just knowing trolls...
  +libbies  mmm
to teach your kids to not be either
idk
i think its more, where appropriate
inclined to believe people's self-identification
because i grew up in the south? The idea of an anti-feminist woman seems very common place to me?
perhaps
It is pretty common place
never met another pro-feminist person outside of a university until i moved up north.
dunno, i put respect where respect is deserved
try to be nice
thats how i'd like to be treated
i know some people need to be told to fuck off
dont deserve respect
didn't you hear? being nice to people is a weakness
but telling someone to fuck off... is different from using the same tools they are using before telling them to fuck off.
hah, if thats a weakness, then call me weak because thats who i am.
is, there is a difference between trying to take `revenge abuse' and handling a situation
kindess is not a weaknes, although can be exploited if we're not careful.
can be exploited
kindness
thats true, ive had it happen
not as naive as i used to be.
i think people still thinki am
no more pulling fast ones on cirvinfox? x.x
you wont be able to tell, i'll let some slide just to maintain the illusion
wanna whitewash this fence with me? its reallly fun :)
thats racist :3
:3
suyre
the moment you leave, i'll switch it up and paint rainbows.
told me to paint this! yes, arent the rainbows fabulous?"
see what you did there? you turned a negiative into a positive :D
my daughter got into a fight with the caretaker in kindergarden because she would not accept that a experiment course was not for girls. I was told that she behaved respectless and i answered that i would hope so ... in the end she and every other girl that wanted to join that experiment course was allowed to. If she would have been "respectfull" or even "nice" in the way the caretaker defines it - nothing would have changed.
i did. this gets in the way of my dark and brooding front >< dammit
gunna go shower, washes off the shame.
Too right
got a present from me for standing up for her right and she hoepfully learned a valuable lesson.
what? experiments for boys in the class only? wtf year is this? Do they still send the boys to shop and the girls to home ec?
after that we took her out and now she is in another not so backward kindergarden
it was a catholic kindergarden, do i have to say more?
  elizzza nope
  speak Nnnnope.
answers every question, and then some.
you ask why she went there in the first palce - because we really did not expect that kind of outdated bahavior, veen from the catholic church - and exerything else was way better than in the new kindergarden (huge garden, much better playgrounds, many more offered activities and so on)...
its sad that the catholic schools seem to have a monopoly on a large section younger educatoin
far as having the money to fund a school beyond what public schools are willing to do.l
the probblem here is that they are bigger than others - at least the kindergarden, so you can still get a place when every other kindergarden is full already
schools it is different here, i can't think of any catholic schools that are still relevant. Only in the area of boarding schools they have some dominance
really, having children shows you sides of the society you live in you never thought existed and you never really wanted to see :(
i grew up, the public schools were very underfunded. I remeber the catholic high schools having all the cool stuff and fundings.
you, i am also talking about rural areas.
neighbour, a nice old woman i sometimes chat with when in the garden - shocked me when we told her the name of our son. His name is Joshua and when being told her instant reaction was "A jewish name!!!?!"
its different it cities and population centers.
was lost for words at that point
could of course be way better, but looking back at my time in a publi school i don;t feel like the eduation was too bad
am tempted to homeschool my future children
use the homeschool networks for forced socialization
the us that might make sense, but I don;t know enough about the education system there to really have an opinion
You might wind up surrounded by people who thought normal religious schools weren't conservative enough.
in germany it is mostly religious groups that want their kids to be homescooled in order to avoiud the sexual education and the unchristian influences the kids could experience in public scholls ...
  +libbies  o_o
i cant help but think, how did they get him? granted, its a different country.. but
  +libbies  wtf
i report stuff like that on the train, nothing ever happens
CCTV
have cameras here too
UK is literally blanketed with CCTV
probably
can't load the link
assuming country here
UK
literally blanketed with CCTV
UK is big brother >.>
yet crime rates did not go down, did they?
would guess CCTV doesn't remove the underlying reasons for crime, just increases the arrest/conviction rate
donno, i think just having cops (as much as i dislike them) at the statoins would also fix it.
what happens is they are like "we will call the police". Then 20 mins later, no one shows up and i'm late to work so screw it.
seen it go down too, to other ppl
you ever seen the word "potbelly" in a headline before? O_o
once called the police - which turned into a really funny story. We were under a highway bidge - doing graffiti - when suddenly a car on the highway (which was quite empty at that point) made an awefull noise and drove of the highway into the bushed beside that. After that silence - no lights anymore, nothing. So we went up to the next phone booth (the age before mobile phones) and called the police and told them about a possible accident and that
true wtf moment
got cut off at "and told them about a possible accident and that"
might be needed. After that we went back and tried to look for the car in order to help if we could. However, we could  not find it but while walking there we met the police, gave them our statement and were about to leave when another - non police car stopped  beside us.
were cops in a non police car looking for these graffitti sparyers as someone else saw us and also called the police. Luckily the  police car we called came by again and told them that we are not the searched sprayer, we just happened to be here as we witnessed a car crash ...
  +tachikoma  :)
hope its all men that died
morghulis
homines occidere
sometimes there are police on the trains, for example. (which, incidentally, is how the former owner of my company was caught when he did something similar. :/)
don’t think there’s CCTV on the tube, at least on the trains. Probably on the platforms though.
London underground tube or somewhere else?
  +kirjatoukka  yes.
CCTV inside the carriages on the tube
was 'so blatant' it caught the attention of undercover police officers” according to the daily mail.
mostly they like the fact that people that disregard cats dont stare at them, and the cats find that more comfortable
it somebody reading the Daily Mail? :(
yeah I think I mentioned that yesterday - people that avoid cats aren't threatening to cats, therefore cats are like "You love me!"
way to annoy a cat is pay attention to it
do you happen to use a mac?
IRC client doesn't actually ping me on spam-pings which is awesome but it's mac only
i have a mac
client is that?
  chelsey-dagger  Textual
super userfriendly and pretty
paid 20euros for this stupid irc app that got abandoned :[
  chelsey-dagger  :(
is free
nice though, chelsey-dagger
every time someone mentions cats i find  the saddest cat stories or the best, and then they make me cry at work
hoping to get a little bit of a bonus soon and use that to do some work on my computer. new processors, new video card, more ram.
something explodes liiiiiike last time. i had to spend $800 on the HVAC because it decided to poop out in the middle of summer.
just had the most amazing burrito
it possible to determine Gender without using stereotypes?
yes
  vrms  how?
ask.
its about self-identifying?
exactly
most situations i suspect one doesn’t actually need to know.
about knowing who you are.
about people who dont define themselves? cant they have a gender?
sure i understand what you mean, vrms
kirjatoukka suspects, self-defining is not mandatory
  +kirjatoukka  pardon?
don’t think that’s what i said.
you want to be a girl, you can be a girl. If you want to be a boy you can be a boy. If you want to be both, you can be both.
can you reformulate it?
you want to be neither, you can be neither.
  +LambdaSix  Simple.
but wouldnt that mean its made up?
mean, vrms: ask yourself why you think you need to know someone’s gender, and whether you actually do need to know, in any particular situation.
is sorta the wrong term imo
my Problem was, i was thinking around and couldnt find a thing like gender.
do you mean?
is a set of social constructions around a concept. If you try and pull gender apart into what makes a woman a woman, you end up with nothing meaningful.
which cases is this Concept useful?
not really.
are two main schools of thought on this matter: 1) gender is purely a matter of self-identification no matter what anybody else says, 2) gender is an trait forced on people in order for the patriarchy to function
can be useful for expressing a combination of traits, if you can accept that any single woman will not specifically have all of those traits.
man)
don't think gender is very useful except in acknowledging the materail reality of gender
  +locas  material*
are you saying, not all men? :P
Burn all men, keep the cuties as sex slaves.
mostly the point of recognizing the material reality of gender is figured out how to fuck it up with a hammer
  +LambdaSix  #OfficialPlushiePosition
locas
dont think its a matter of "if youw anna be x, then be x"
dont particularly have a choice in what i am :p
wanna be x
being the very best
no one ever was
catch them is my real test
misander them my cause
I admit it falls over a little, I think the general idea works for me though :P
  +OffensiveUser  pokemens
  +locas  -_-
doesn't necessarily imply choice
pokémon song needs to become a thing
suspect that Gender ist something made up so some people can feel better about themselves
i disagree
think gender is a natural expression of slight differences in the way that people of different genders experience the world
religion is made for the same reason
is more a simplistic catch all term. There are people who exhibit divergent, exceptional or stereotypical gender presentation.
relation to others and society*
is made to control people :p
thin ice
the one questioning gender as a self-identified matter?
ice?
can also identify as flower pot, but that doesn't change anything
that i could possibly feel better about myself
the kind of shit people say when they're trying to erase trans people
pretty much
  +AbigailBuccaneer s/erase/mock/
  vrms  *transgender
that waws pretty much...
are you correcting us?
that is as locas said used to mock trans people B) please don't language police peoples expression.
just provoking some thought to have stuff to think about
you assume we dont arlready think about these things.
  vrms  no
is definitely not appropriate, vrms
saw you were not talking about those topic, so i made you talking about these topic so i can listen
what you've illustrated of your own opinions are extremely dismissive of trans people as far as I can tell
entire discourse should be for my benefit" - vrms
also that
so askig if we can talk about these things is not as good as manipulating the conversation in that direction
thought thats how communication works
  +cirvinfox  nope
I will MAKE YOU TALK ABOUT THIS
  +ChunLi !femops
can we talk about this? i find it interesting and want to learn more"
communicating what you want.
just sitting and listening because it comes up anyway
might've been due to less-than-perfect English skills?
in its binary gut? =)
possibly, but the attitude of being dismissive of trans folk kidna overshadows that
You never DM me anymore ;(
keilana, I need to talk to her about booooks
i totoally didnt read that word as books..
  +amelia_  :D
things are awesome.
I'm terrible at keeping in touch
  +OffensiveUser  lol
is the same as religion"
  +OffensiveUser  lmao
don't know why I hesitated for so long to push the op summoning button
I was hoping for the best
grow out of that, very quickly :P
it's possible to make such a claim
the reasoning for it isn't "to make you feel better about yourself"
as flower pot" what a dipshit.
not sure how that line of thought works. not sure I'll be around to find out how though, so no need to explain it =)
  +bekabug  wow
a similarity that it's large speculation on things that people observe about things
how you can tie back religion into astronomy
Same.
  +OffensiveUser  largely*
  +OffensiveUser  lol
  +OffensiveUser  obby
quieted users realize they are quieted?
is it like, silent/transparent to them
still see local feedback I think
not sure if the server tells you that you're quited.
doesnt if theres +m at least
sure about +q
it does.
           --- | Server: #23525 Cannot send to channel
may vary on visibility between clients?)
probably
never gotten anything from the server when accidentally speaking during +m
any case, +m and +q are totally public information.
can see when the mode is set originally
you bother to check to see if the Ip that was just quieted was your or not is on you :P
about clients giving a message about it
curious about vrms. and that norway dude from a while back
No selfies for a while because laserface, sorry :P
want to have laser hair
  +OffensiveUser  like
lasers as hair
  +LambdaSix  :D
was hoping to at least get something like laser eye beams, but nothing so far :(
whats wrong with laserface?
  +LambdaSix  :3
you saying our random banter isn't important? :p
  +duckasaurus  :D
mentioned meeeeee! Oh wait. It was a troll. </3"
  +duckasaurus  yup.
I have a couple other things set to highlight, too, which give me a lot of false highlights.
duckling, (because really, ducklings are adorable), and zombie.
I want to know if there's a zombie apocalypse.
libbies.
i have this server with a few dozen zombie threads and I can't reboot it :(
with lasers as eyebeams i could help - if you look at the concept of the eyetap, you only need to replace the camera/heatsensor with a laser. I was actually thinking about doing that just for fun
checked the scroll up
:P
isn't nogod banned?
was too specific
did it! all 6 cats are my buddies now and I taught the big dog how to be friends with cats
cats!
you're awesome! :D
mostly miss my cat
need to improve your aim, then :P
just need to get a shotgun and birdshot :P
are two sorts of people: those who like Vegas for the full Vegas experience, and those who don't ever want to experience the full Vegas experience ever.
fall into the latter category.
in this office falls into the former.
me.
ugh
vegas
best part of vegas for me
driving through the desert listening to fallout 1 music
was all down hill from there
a depressing ass place
airport is also depressing
is one of the places I thought about "moving" to
offered me a job back in the 2000's that would've been 100% travel, and moving somewhere for income tax benefits was something I thought about >.>
could see that. I've got a friend who lives in Henderson, and she loves it, but she grew up there. She also works for Zappos, which I guess is an amazing company to work for.
!
Brood was sooo good
:D :DDDD
SO GLAD YOU LIKED IT
  +Keilana  :D
was pretty much incredible
opus for sure
love stuff that focuses on like, life cycles
was above and beyond that though
yeah
amazing
of all her other stuff I read it was the most like blood child, but like
pages of blood child :P
  +Keilana  definitely
amazing pages
else she wrote holds a candle to it imo
that I don’t <3 <3 <3 everything else she wrote!)
the best at morally ambiguous alien relations
the best by a LOT out of everything I've read tbh
she just dives right in
yeah
the way the Oankali actually live and breathe and change as a species
than being this monolithic “other"
  +locas  yeah
how she validates the human Akjai AND she also validates Lilith
Lilith’s ambiguity and yet....
  +Keilana  yeah
amazing
it's so good
sci fi novel BY FAR
probably mine too now, I still really like the dispossessed but it can't be said to be as well crafted
novel are we talking about
the scope puts this in a different league
lilith's brood by octavia butler
  +libbies  oh
throw that on my to-read list
I liked imperial radch too but it was pretty well overshadowed
think I'll have to read them again when the third comes out once I have some distance
2nd book made me tear up a few times
mercy of kalr is being nice to justice of toren
yes I ship the ships
that book
is confirmed
way she handles the language not caring about gender is worlds better than how banks did it
my god I ship Kalr and Toren SO SO SO MUCH
for reeeal
I love the way she does gender
awkward hug at the end
I just imagine a universe populated by lesbians ^_^
was just like
  +locas  oooommgggg
YES YES
EVERYWHERE
  +amelia_  W00T!
yeah it’s overshadowed a LOT by Lilith’s Brood
I mean pretty much everything would be
to say that they’re not fine novels but Butler is just soooooo much more expansive
it overshadows basically everything I’ve ever read
can say a lot more with a lot less, too
it's just like
concentrate
  +Keilana  akdjfhalskdjfh
  +Keilana  yes
  +Keilana  YES
the WORLD BUILDING
  +Keilana  nnnnng
did you read the first one?
  +libbies  yes
  +locas  cool
2nd one is a good bit more straightforward but still very good
  +Keilana  :D
looking forward to the 3rd one SO MUCH
  +locas  yeah
pre-ordered it so it’ll deliver direct to my kindle the second it comes out :D
supposed to be this year right?
September or October iirc
Ann Leckie, please write more shipping of ships into your novels. Also pls write faster because OMG. Love, Keilana”
  +locas  lol
have so many emotions about feminist scifi
actually, if it's more straightforward i'm suddenly more interested in the book
aren't as many flashbacks and the central mystery is mostly real time stuff as opposed to a central dramatic irony
  +locas  er
suppose i will need to obtain a copy
the opposite of dramatic irony
that is
the characters know that we don't, not the other way around
  +Keilana  ^^
WAY less of the “omg who is Seivarden” “omg what’s going on” “omg Breq is a sHIP I’M SO CONFUSE"
way more “!!!! STUFF IS HAPPENING!!!”
like you pretty much know who everyone is
one exception
that’s kind of….central to the plot
you find out a lot more about Anaander Miaanai and what she’s up to and there’s less worldbuilding and such
but the character you don't know about isn't the narrator at least :P
then there’s ~*drama*~
  +locas  draamaaa
this is true
much drama
ships getting shippy
whole kalrs speaking for mercy of kalr thing is pretty kinky too >_>
wonder if there’s Imperial Radch fanfic
whole ancillary thing is p kinky :P
morally suspect
but it's also actually fucked
  +Keilana  jinx.
thing the kalrs do isn't really morally suspect, it's just awk
mean ancillaries in general lol
mean it's got morally suspect origins I guess but they consent to it
ancillaries
yes omg the kalrs
  +locas  yeah
^^
the one, she really likes the silverware…what’s her face
really liked her
I think
I like her a lot
five
I love how she interacted with Toren
Breq
  +locas  yeah
ship them
  +Keilana  >.>
  +locas  same
ship everyone on the ship essentially
seems like a poly friendly culture
I ship everyone but tisarwat
tisarwat
trying to hit on breq is the cutest thing ever though
not the cutest thing, mercy of kalr is way better at it, but seivarden trying her hardest is just v_v
man I kind of still ship tisarwat
omg seivarden hitting on breq and then kalr sees and it’s like n_n
approves honestly
aw look what she did for you, how cute
  +Keilana  yasssss
ship it
for disappearing locas, writing a paper…or at least trying >.>)
cool
Lilith's brood that thing your boy referred to as a feminist version of the culture?
that's imperial radch
I would not describe it like that at all
  +agnosticnixie  kk
radch is more or less the opposite of the culture really
and capitalist
  +agnosticnixie  oh
just happen to all be gender nonconforming and their language is non gender biased
thought you meant like, in terms of not having the paternalistic liberal bullshit which I hated about Iain Banks
doesn't have that either
better than the culture books for the most part, though I don't hate them as much as you do
like
the radch were in a culture book
many lesbians~
culture would be trying to undermine it
primarily similarity is that some of the main characters are ships
primary similarity*
that the in universe language for both cultures (the culture and the radchaai) are non gender biased
banks doesn't actually write his that way, he just states it once or twice, so he sucks
also not post scarcity or technocratic
technocratic post scarcity is like, basically this weird liberal tut-tutting at socialists about how they'd do communism better if we just wait for the liberals to figure it out
still not convinced that's what the culture represents though, I mean it does feature patriarchal bullshit as you said, but I sort of take the
made godlike ais, realized they were cooler than us, and let them handle everything concept
face value
guess mostly because the books give every indication that it was more or less a full communist society BEFORE they let their ais start running everything, though that's up for debate
radch is a monarchy though
sort of :P
what do you not like about culture books, concretely?
technocratic liberal nonsense
also don't like techno-utopianism
general
asked for concrete reasons ;)
answer with 3 abstract classifications
don't even know how they apply
you read the books?
of them
mean i’ve only read a couple but “techno-utopia” seems pretty clear, right? :p
culture is an exploration of an utopic civilization based on human-machine symbiosis, but sure. techno-utopia works
find the books quite critical of several aspects of the culture in most books
how do I sentence
for technocratic, iirc society is run in large part by AIs? which seems like the epitome of technocracy.
googling technocracy
by technology
think the basis is that there is not government at all. It's an anarchistic society, and AIs govern ships and orbitals.
think it's as anarchistic as a civilization can get, actually - otherwise it's not a single civilization anymore
society is actually being run by the AIs.
some form of “let everyone do what they want as long as it doesn’t harm others” principle, which is where the liberal aspect comes in.
that a bad thing in your opinion?
a bad thing in some people’s opinions. ;)
think most classifications, like "liberal", are meaningless in a post-scarcity context
is it late-capitalist?
it was written in the 1980s onwards?
I am talking about the setting of the books
i know.
how is the culture capitalist
havent read them so im not gonna comment on that but i doubt the texts were produced in a vacuum
not. i said it’s being written in a late-capitalist context. i.e., although the setting is post-scarcity, the writing (and the invention of the setting) is not free of capitalist influence.
applies to everything of course.)
I care little about the context of the production of the books unless I am shown concrete influence in the book
ok.
feel like this is more than enough duding up the channel and i have to leave anyway.
- I also hate utopianism :p
what in the world is utopianism
are you this obnoxious whilst being this poorly informed
means several things, mostly related, about looking to create a utopic environment, civilisation or culture
- also technocracy is more rule by technicians, but rule by technology is kind of a secondary aspect since technicians would, after all, be creating the technology that introduces this rationalist utopia
can refer to tendencies in socialist thought or liberal thought, etc etc
exactly
propose technocracy as a 'the machine knows best' kind of thing but at the end of the day the machines are made
a learning AI learns how it is programmed to learn
controlled by a small number of specialists
  +epi  yuuup
ai like the culture purports as the solution to running a society is basically utopian nonsense with no basis outside the daydreams of computer scientists with only a trickle of understanding of neurology :p
it is sci go
sci fi.
what
enough
would any scientist know the limits of AI?
- fwiw I cosign and cootify your statements :p
I was cooking up something for my ailing partner
- what limits of AI?
why would an understanding of neurology matter at all
  +agnosticnixie  okay
stop
can you have ai without understanding neurology. :/
stop being a jerk
machines making machines etc
what
stop aawe.
  Pillowcase_ Neuronets!
  Pillowcase_ Algorithms!
- could you cut the sea lion bullshit
everyone.
do not like the culture, its idea of a society becoming utopian through pure technological determinism is pie in the sky with a thin veneer or liberal respectability, I'm a revolutionary socialist and it rubs me the wrong way, anything beyond that is asking me to rationalize taste
dig up Adorno if you want that
Are you suggesting that I am the only one participating in this discussion? I suggest you check the chat log. Also "just stop" is such a rude thing to say, just type "I'm not interested in having this discussion" or I have no idea what you're on about
we've been trying to get you to shut up for like twenty minutes
stop aawe. This is a terrible conversation.
Just stop please
when this many people have asked you to stop, you need to stp
save us
asked me to give you a concrete reason for disliking it, I gave you my very much concrete reasons as a socialist
afternoon :D
operator already here
hey
up
  +epi  sorry
seems a bit antagonistic in here.
oh hey comrade
all
  Pillowcase_ Hello.
if you continue I will quiet you
this shit.
feel so loved >.>
comrade! <3 ;)
weather is so lovely today :)
it's raining all over the north east up to like Quebec city
too bad.
It finally stopped in Boston, at least!
  +agnosticnixie  lol
heard it was raining during the marathon.
ws
  +GorillaWarfare *was
chilly, too
I think I missed something v_v
thing I have to say is I agree with what kirjatoukka said
only rained a little here today
it's still all muddy
actually kinda like the light cooling after rain
everyone knows the real utopia will come from first contact with vulcans
the weather sure is nice.
flash: Boston rains prevent Vulcan First Contact
do not like to get wet
i just watched that movie, they were in montana
is kind of a dry planet
that first contact
  +yar  lol
  +epi  lol
were they really in montana
enough, Montana is probably one of the states with the most nukes aimed at it
guess is the montana shots are from north california
Star Trek
goes without saying
  +locas  lol
explains the golden gate bridge in the background
tbh, NYC could probably actually grow palm trees since they grow in decidedly temperate France and China, where NYC is on the edge of the sbtropical zone)
the future, everyplace on earth will be covered in palm trees and golden gate bridges
my dream to go to the place where they filmed the Gorn fight
idk palm trees don't seem to tolerate frost at all
i mean, theres probably species that do
of palm native to China do
my experience of frost is like, -1C
actually becoming an invasive species in France since some genius decided paris would look nice with palm trees even though the city gets a few days of frost a year
they love the climate
  +epi  woah
interesting
rainforest france would be cool
mean if we're fucking up the climate why not enjoy it :p
  +libbies  .-.
Chusan palm is basically the toughest species of palm
so any other feminist sci fi authors you really like?
  +Keilana  hmm
me think on that
actually gotta run because class just ended
  +locas  byee
might go back and read the one last alliance/union book I haven't read, but cherryh's worldbuilding is so sparse compared to butler that I'm not sure I could take it
the palm trees are a side-effect of global warming, of course.
I accept this head-cannon
women with money and education tend to get and stay married ... why don’t working-class women do the same?
it just me or does the title The End of Men: And the Rise of Women seem really awkward
that colon /really/ necessary?
an awkward title, ja.
end of men: and the rise of the machines"
end of men: and the rise of small woodland creatures"
end of men: and thats about it"
end of men: or how i learned to love the bomb"
end of men: and we all went to celebrate"
end of men: and other fanciful tales of wonder"
than lower their standards, women are more likely to give up on the men"
hands*
out of context, it amuses me. within the context of the article, it makes me extremely sad.
book cover itself doesn't have the coloon
  +libbies  colon*
book seems like it might be an interesting read
country everyone
Kaiserette
this
it
are called occupational health consultations and propose them to esguichem milk to be able to continue to have shorter hours. Since starting to ask for proof, St. John Hospital found that half of the allowances would be fraudulent.
  +Kaiserette squeeze
ill be blunt
forcing nurses to squeeze their boobs to prove they're breastfeeding for their maternity licenses
are you seriously fucking kidding me?!
  +Kaiserette nope
wait!
more
we also have a tax authority pawning off 4 cakes from a restaurant to settle a debt...of 2€
you can see we are a powerful and proud nation
squeezing of breasts thing /really/ pisses me the fuck off though
to my country
licenses??
everyone can squeeze milk out of their boobs
  upholderof  0/100
awful
  captain_teapotzz  portugal
  captain_teapotzz  :s
bomb us
figured since we're on the topic of breast feeding
thought i'd share
fuck is that site
neoliberal shit
  captain_teapotzz  ?
Middle East Forum promotes American interests in the Middle East and protects Western values from Middle Eastern threats."
  captain_teapotzz  lol
the Middle east in a nutshell
  +ProfessorIberia  Yikes.
almost
western values in the middle east*
values are some of the objectively shittiest values, though.
at least i'm not asked to breast feed my coworkers
can tell it's terrible because it uses the word "islamist"
i am not sure what you're saying. what is "the Middle east in a nutshell"?
  captain_teapotzz  nvm
explain it like i'm 5
Middle East Forum promotes American interest in the Middle east, yet it prevents western values in the middle east"
took out the protect part
  +yar  idgi
have no idea what that means
means "i don't get it"
  captain_teapotzz  oh
  captain_teapotzz  haha
  captain_teapotzz  neveermind
realize no make sense
ok
  captain_teapotzz  sorry
yah
feed your coworkers everybody
else tehy might get turned on
they see your hair
  captain_teapotzz  :P
you're trying to make some comment that "REAL western values" aren't about war and colonialism?
really no
was trying to state that the middle east contradicts itself
pro-west and anti west
it didnt get across quite right
the middle east isn't a single country so that's to be expected eh
face contradicts itself
yar
touche!
i am just at a loss for words lol
okay..i say taht too
  captain_teapotzz  haha
face!"
"your mom!"
ti'm off
go sleep night all
nonsense
  upholderof  weird
values
values?"
  +ProfessorIberia  ???
was a video of a british nazi trying to explain why he was such a piece of shit and he was warning about "moozlamic ray guns" or something
confused reminded me of him just a bit
contemporary neo-nazi or a back-in-the-day nazi?
speaking of racism...
was just watching the television and they had this art show thing and they were going on and on about how much african art there was and how much they need to increase gallery space for it
great
neo-nazi is so stoned or something
then profile a /brilliant/ African photographer
cept she's American
and white
she photographed Africans in Africa so it's totally African art
  upholderof  lol
I am elected prime minister I will ban white art on odd numbered years
if you were elected prime minister I would be organizing a coup since it's high time that the world stopped being ruled by men >:3
  upholderof  :D
like the way you think
would then install a federalized system of soviets without a head-of-state
but to serve as a senator, you need to be a woman ;)
isn't that bad, as far as men are concerned though.
  +Euryale  muahahahaha
Oh... good. We shall use him as breeding stock then.
chao y'all, I have a dinner to eat
man I had a weird experience in college like that
what?
involving eating dinner, not breeding stock.
though LadyCailin your vote in a fictional world means a lot to me :D
  +LadyCailin haha
  vampaya Hi?
here?
vampaya
there
much
bout u?
doing what I do everyday - listen to drake
are you secretly my roommate
  upholderof  HAHA
shit wait
  upholderof  really?
  +Keilana  ssrsly
listens to drake all the time
did we have for dinner/!
  upholderof  o
she’s in the shower
thought you were actually my real roomie
can’t be her
:P
THROUGH THE SHOWER WITH MY WOES
forgot you were a dude upholderof
also that
irc is def a possibility
look like simon pegg
like 20 years younger
vampaya what's new in feminism?
  upholderof  haha
forgot you were a dude upholderof" <-- complement of the week
eegor my roommate came in and woke me up from a nap with a similar complaint minus the stealing
  upholderof  tru
is your roomate feminist?
they are
the most part
know my siggoth is but I should ask the upstairs people one day
U MLM R U FEMINIST? 7AM
  eegor siggoth?
othe
  upholderof  *other
lol
like the name of some lovecraftian creature
  morganq ^
  upholderof  lol
what does soggoth mean then if thats not the name of some lovecraftion creature?
out those women climbing a mountain in a fucking /skirt/
/gender norms/
you wouldn't want the mountain police to come and arrest the women for wearing trousers, would you?
brain's gotten stuck on a mental image of "mountain policemen" in kilts
"Feminazi. Edit: why is this downvoted....." wow
And it's been upvoted now
  enchilado :S
that can be fixed...
  enchilado :D
who wrote "Femanist" (sic) is at -2 tho
  +amelia_  heh
reddit that's probably only because they misspelt it
  namespace Eh.
sub is it?
  enchilado Askreddit
was the ques-or can I just go look because it's on the front page?
if it's at -2, I don't think it's on the front page.
That specific comment is -2. The thread is like +17.
this will be a productive discussion on reddit. :S
it won't get anywhere
top thing on Ask Reddit is "Disabled people of reddit, what is something we do that we think helps, but it really doesn't?" so maybe there's hope for them yet?
the one hand I can understand why people do this, it's fun to vent about people you don't like. On the other hand, routinely huddling together to talk about how other people suck is probably toxic.
well, as they say, Reddit is diverse.
the initial question tends to shape the quality of the discussion.
is diverse."" ?
does anyone in here use the hexchat client?
seem to have done something unfortunate with my backlog in another channel
Which is a criticism often leveled at twitter and feminism channels, yet ignored with regards to MRA/GG/Whatever subreddits :3
channel seems to have a rather high ratio of moderators
it doesn't.
are people with voice, not moderators.
if it was me i’d assume it was a scam or something, tbh.
hehe, I suppose there is that
free from until august sounds fishy af
feel bad taking £300 in rent when there's no rent to pay because the previous flatmate is still paying the rent while not living there
right, my mistake kirjatoukka
use it to refund the previous flatmate?
could do, he's living rent free with new boyfriend in a cheap ass place (comparatively)
wait, £300 in london? what’s that for, two weeks? :P)
month
not a very big room, but it's a big house. Current flatmate just hid in his room all the time despite our best efforts to remind him that entire house is there to be used.
shy person
kinda guilty of that too
i’d probably have been the same living with people i didn’t know
scratch ‘probably’
  +LambdaSix  heh
me a lot of impulse to talk to people i don't know. i just feel that they will think weird things about me and stuff. to my knowledge this doesn't often happen in reality but it doesn't stop me from getting worried.
coaxed him out for christmas to open presents and stuff. It was just weird because he's a friend we both knew before moving in. (He wanted to move in with us)
that is more unusual perhaps.
  +LambdaSix  *shrug*
yes, i'm surprised no-one's taking you up on it given how expensive london housing is.
if i thought it was dodgy i'd give it a shot.
I should try the flatmate finding sites
  +tachikoma  wtf
smell that?
o bullshit >:I
course feminism is controversial, its against the patriarchy. also, i wonder if the same thing would have happened if it was a male wearing that shirt.
obvs
always looked like a typo of Leninism, tbh
the average meninist is about as far from being a leninist as I am from being an ancap
  +LambdaSix  :<
always makes me think of melanoma ...
of course not... if a dude wore it he'd obviously be being sarcastic, since all feminists are women!
  +cirvinfox  heh.
that I want to pull any discussion away from the important issues of that article, but I can't help wondering... why is it in the parenting section?
of shirts, my "i'm a divisive issue" tank top arrived today. i'm excited to wear it
awesome :D
  enchilado \o/
was blocked from getting a "More Issues Than Vogue" tank top
good in the long run :P
How so?
not blocked. BF said he didn't like it and I wasn't in a mood to argue. Might order it anyway, hurm.
  +LambdaSix  ^_^
  enchilado :P
you don't have to argue that kind of thing. he says "i don't like it", you say "okay" and then continue ordering it. simple :)
it's done
partner was very gender policing at the start of our relationship
not VERY, but some
to just bowl over that
said "more issues than vogue" is a terrible shirt and your bf was right v_v
I've done that with dresses and nighties so far. I just wasn't super sold on the tank top beyond "haha, that's kinda funny and sad, I like it"
past 6 lines of this chat have already made my day
in relationship with a trans woman and a cis woman, and honestly my trans girlfriend is more gender-policey than my cis girlfriend.
friend of mine had a boyfriend who tried to ban her from smoking and drinking
kinda weird but also due to internalised nasty stuff so i try to be tactful when ignoring her protestations
as he said, its not a nice sight to see a woman smoking/a drunk woman
or not, gender policing is bs
it's bs and as i said i do ignore her when she's like that, but it's way less evil coming from a man than it is from a trans woman
  Peng  :X
dont think its any more or less
dont think its any more or less evil coming from anyone
Mostly I get stronger pushback when I'm looking at underwear. Like I'm just gonna wear boxer briefs for the rest of my life O_o
no he smoked
:X
thats my plan :I
  +cirvinfox  wait
  +cirvinfox  no
boxers
  +cirvinfox  ...
  +cirvinfox  tmi
I hate boxers.
that stfu is for me..
i think men gender-policing women is worse, because telling women to stick to their assigned gender roles directly benefits men and oppresses women
your bf is making me hate him >_>
He's wonderfull, really! :P
briefs are the devil
coming from my girlfriend it's mostly that she's feeling vicarious gender invalidation
  +LambdaSix  XD
ahh, that makes more sense than the first thing you said
yeah it's bs and as i said i do ignore her when she's like that, but it's way less evil coming from a man than it is from a trans woman"
loudly*
  ob-sed  man...
men r pigs
wut?
KatelynQBS
today earth day or some shit?
day, Lenin's B Day - coincidence?
I JUST REALISED I SAID THAT SENTENCE BACKWARDS KatelynQBS cirvinfox
good.
i was so confused
about that...
no worries
an adorable disk drive
want to have one \o/
know right?
sweet
CF card reader?
its a disk drive emulator for a C64
uses SD cards
have a doodley thing that pretends to be an amiga floppy disk drive and takes CF cards so you don't have to keep swapping out the quickstart disks
expensive though
think the CF drive thingie cost me about £20 with shipping.
hardware. always expensive
I'm thinking about ordering, I still have an original c64 sitting in storage ...
have a whole box of amiga disks I really need to pull into a more stable storage format. But no disk drive in my computers anymore
  +cirvinfox  ebaaaayyyy
doubt my disks for c64 or amiga still work ...
sound effects"
  +tachikoma  lol
the audio tapes i still have for the c64 - they still worked 5 years ago when i tried them ...
Mine are all copies in a box, I have no idea if they work, they're a good 20 years old by now
same here, but my experience with pc disks was that about 8 out of 10 disks were unreadable - and that was 10 years ago or so - when i tried to create boot/install disks with them. so my hopes about the old commodare media are not very high
only Abandonware was a proper legal thing
pretty sure 90% of amiga/C64 disk images would count
have no idea about the legal state of abandonware, but when i went crazy over scummvm and downloaded every game for it i could find I had the impression that nobody cared about the sites hosting abandonware. But i might be totally wrong here
  +LambdaSix  heh
A Steel Sky <3<3<3<3<3
:)
I actually played that when it was on Amiga, same for the two (three?) indiana jones games
Of Atlantis and The Last Crusade
  +LambdaSix  *Fate
have no mouth, and i must scream' however was the scummvm game that really left a deep impression
played it, I've been told I should
never knew about it until i went to the scummvm list of supported games and downloaded all of them ...
very very different than all other games for scummvm, at some point you play a nazi doctor in a concentration camp e.g.
the goal of the game is just to die ...
started this morning. i was standing in the shower thinking "we're broke...but at least i have plenty of pads. i don't have to worry about that." i get dressed, wander 4 feet away into the kitchen where i empty the washing machine so I can do my jeans.
could he know??
  +LambdaSix  O_o
would he throw your pads into the toilet?
he's 1
  +LambdaSix  ooh
else he could have thrown in there would have been annoying but my pads? really? dammit.
children
  +LambdaSix  :<
having "Feminist" on your shirt is controversial enough that your school might photoshop it away.
games <3
have no mouth, and i must scream" was fucking dark. Just like the short story.
Not only "controversial" but potentially "offensive", too!
makes me wonder what other things they would and wouldn’t censor.
someone think dickbutt might go uncensored
they might only see it as a cartoon character
somehow::
  +libbies  somehow**
if they had a blanket ban on slogans or political statements or whatever that would be kind of disappointing but also kind of fair, but i suspect they’d overlook all sorts of reactionary rubbish.
one side is seemingly lying about whether or not the student('s family) was contacted before the Photoshopping was done.
:)
aren't non-feminists who want a productive discussion not allowed on here
they aren't
should educate themselves basically
that was easy
with me!" "No." "*leaves*"
better than insisting :-)
“because it’s not possible to have a productive discussion with an anti-feminist?” >.>
sorta get the feeling we're going to see a lot of trolls today
there go a lady by the name of Neue in this channel
  +LambdaSix  ....
  +libbies  yup
hello everybody
is going to be fun.
not fun.
on your definition of fun maybe. and whether or not you're a masochist.
you typing to yourself?
  +libbies  Yes.
is much quicker
it’s completely impossible that someone else might be reading what libbies is writing.
suppose it's hard for feminists to do much thinking, right?
  +libbies  !femops
two of the three joins we just had were trolls, I think we're probably being brigaded
would guess the other join is a troll, but idk
it's one guy with a lot of proxies, idk
more like
mom :p
  +libbies  s/mom/obama/
rather not expend energy on trolling feminists that could instead be expended on shitposting elsewhere
  ACE_Recliner  :|
good to know?
i suppose :|
  +libbies  o_o
hate getting catcalled
else had the same problems?
it sucks.
  Lucidious :|
  +epi  ?
nope
so annoying
got street harassed last month and it was quite scary
a particular immature bunch of guys on reddit called r/TheRedPill
  ACE_Recliner  >reddit
explains it
will any particularly disparaging remarks towards them be posted later? :P
had an argument with me saying that feminism was hypocritical and had double standards
  ACE_Recliner  :V
part of that is surprising?
  +locas  ^
one day RedPiller's will realise the red pill is really just a roofie
  +LambdaSix  </crudge>
said that women get all of the money in a divorce settlement
  +LambdaSix  *crude>
that whenever a ship is sinking, it's always women and children first
do you care what a random group of ill-informed misogynists thinks?
So?
why are you telling us about it
kirjatoukka said it better :P
do we actually refute that?
about anyone else but if i was interested in redpill opinions i’d be reading redpill.
not bothering to argue with fuckin redpillers
Why do we need to?
  WSD hello
WSD
redpillers? the womenhaters on reddit or the jewhaters on Retardchan?
if we argue rationally whilst they all post absolute rubbish it'll make a good case for feminism
  +libbies  ....
to whom would we be making this case?
everyone
only people who would see are people who read the red pill.
have no need to defend themselves in the context of a hate group's subreddit
such a waste of energy
know they are a hate group
why do you give a fuck what they think
how do you refute arguments from rational people
hateposters
Dont. Have. To.
is entitled to an argument.
  Lucidious Debate*
  +locas  lol
  +GorillaWarfare haha
  +libbies  lol...
  +LambdaSix  ._.
we just +m and call it a day
like going to the westboro baptist church and making a case for same-sex marriage and civil rights. no matter how well you do it, nobody who hears you will be convinced.
but what about ignorant people
if you want to find rational people to ‘debate’ with you probably ought to do it elsewhere.
aren't swayed to either side
you're just shouting at random people who don't care.
I'm having a hard time telling if you want to figure out how to 'debate' with anti-feminists or if you just want to debate with us
suspect if you catch some "rational person without bias" on r/redpill it will be by accident.
want to debate with you.
  +kirjatoukka  why?
don't want to debate with you, though.
  +locas  ^
even a little
  Lucidious Hahaha.
I'd have thought was eminently clear by now
we just +q the guy now
bro
your bullshit ideology can't hold up against arguments
  upholderof  bro
  +kirjatoukka  lol.
By syaing "I want to debate with you", you're actually saying "I demand you spend time entertaining me" to which the answer is: No.
  +LambdaSix  aww
  +LambdaSix  :P
wanted to make fun of that bro
  upholderof  dang
  +locas  lol
  +locas  "bro"
entertain the shit out of him
at least one more in here
and here I had some hope for humanity...
was amusing watching them swing rapidly between viewpoints
you catch a "rational person without bias" on r/redpill youre probably having a very messed up dream
anyone prove feminism is true?
knew what the channel context was before joining
someone else in here is trolling us
Or they're horribly lost
isn't an assertion
  upholderof  lol
it could have been lucidious informing them though.
lurking mra's in this channel I do debates
bucks
Correct.  (source:  lucidious informed me)
deer or money?
in kickarse
deer
dollars canadian
so where are all of yall brigading us from ,lol
w00p
enough of that bullshit
we could go back to discussing worthwhile topics~~
mwednesday~
Well, debate strategy and address such issues are worthwhile... Just not in the fashion that person brought it up
Right, "debate 101 topics with me!" masquerading as "how do we debate redpillers" is not
but then you’re not debating the very basis of feminism. just how to go about it and so on.
are plenty of books/internet pages for that though.
an emotional argument from people with low emotional intelligence and too high an estimate of their own intellect
of course it doesn't really make sense
thousands of feminist literacy works as well. But not everyone have the capacity to read that much, and some learn better by debate, or listening to courses, short films, etc etc
still that shouldn't stop us from discussing any topic, really...
your point
  +locas  idgi
in good faith is not the same thing as coming here trying to basically pen-test our reason for existing
weren't voiced Liebknecht
+m righ tnow
oh, thanks
I don't really check the channel mode
KittenGNU, films are a great medium
KittenGNU, have you seen She's Beautiful When She's Angry yet? :D
yeah it's not the most convenient thing to check
letting you know :P
Nope
  +Keilana  n_n
  +Euryale  <3
Hewwo
KittenGNU <3
friend got married young and loves her husband very much but is starting to come into feminism and her husband feels threatened by it and she doesn't know what to do
educate him?
really, figure out what his concerns are, and address those concerns specifically (via education, or whatnot)
idea
"feels threatened by it" could mean a lot of different things
think the next time i get the chance to talk to him i'll ask what his concerns are, write them down, and research solutions
one of those guys who thinks because he's a "good guy" that he's not part of the problem
him. </radical>
pls dont)
that are unaware of the issues are part of the problem
  +starlurk lol
agree
  +epi  blugh
scarily competent, I hope she never runs for tory leadership >_>
just refouled a bunch of people to vietnam
an 'at sea assessment' that we don't know the length of
on the open sea
  +LambdaSix  :/
might as well be fucking piracy
wednesdays, hmm
for misandry!
  +bekabug  woo!
mwednesday
wednesday
  +epi  mednesday
down w
is on it
'mensday'?
wednesday <3
  +epi  med-nes-day
nez day
dies Merculi
  +LambdaSix  *Mercurii
dia miercoles
  +Euryale  FUCK...
jour mercredi ;)
/just/ beat me to it, Keilana :p
ok Euryale?
hahahahaha :D
  +bekabug  >.>
Mercurii being the calque from latin that became Wodnesdaeg, which became Wednesdai, The Day Of Woden)
  +Keilana  여자수요일!
  +Keilana  frick
수요일!
on another keyboard is hard
that say
“women’s wednesday"
my uni doesn’t have access to all the toxicology journals I need right now
  +Euryale  eep!
from my friend's FB feed: "There's a group behind me at programming school making an rpg videogame and they were briefly considering adding 'breast size' as a character attribute."
mean, they were published by work so I can get them from work but I wanted them now >.>
my god duckasaurus
really want the names of these future devs, so I can make sure EVERYONE knows not to hire them.
I always thought that was what AP was in AD&D and what got rolled into CHA in 3.5... ;)
there's that.
incidentally, became the discussion on the thread
  +Euryale  >.>
EA will probably scoot their resumes to the front of the line
wish that wasn't the truth, bekabug.
  +duckasaurus  :)
still a dyke) <3
figured. :D )
was trying to do the math on that one lol thank you for clarifying Euryale
  +Euryale  math?
cypher.
it out.
  +Euryale  oh!
say to reverse that when trying to seduce another character but... my games are consistently very, very, very, VERY gay
republicans.
to avoid
passed the human trafficking act today, with the anti abortion clauses in it.
wut
passed an anti human trafficking bill
  +LadyCailin yay
snuck in anti abortion clauses with it though
now, all the people who voted against it look like they're pro human trafficking
legislation would expand the Hyde Amendment, a law that prevents taxpayer dollars from being used to pay for abortions, by essentially splitting a victims’ fund in two. Fines collected from trafficking offenders will go toward non-health care services, while federal money for community health centers — subject to the Hyde Amendment — would provide the rest. "
  +Euryale  ...
you fucking kidding me?
folks!
heard it here, first
this makes my head hurt, so bad.
did not schedule a vote on one such amendment, introduced by Senator David Vitter, Republican of Louisiana, which would have tied the bill to immigration by limiting citizenship granted by the 14th Amendment to those whose parents are already citizens or legal residents."
use sex-slaves as desperate hostages for our campaign to chip away at women's healthcare!" "Yes! Let us do this. This is not evil in the slightest!"
FIRST let's only help US Citizens.
S O M A D
must be pretty jaded these days
my only reaction to this was not being surprised
unsurprised and still angry :P
yeah i hate it and shit
i just dont register it emotionally i guess ._.
  +Keilana  yeah
also very caffeinated)
my god I’m reading this study about adolescent pregnancy complications and they included pregnant ppl from AGE 10
  +Keilana  aaaaaaaaaghhhhh
  +bekabug  :|
always wanted 2 make an rpg w a good female lead, my friend and i even had an outline of the story wrote but neither of us knew how 2 make a game lol
I'm right there with you on the "unemotionally non-surprised" thing.
point was about inverting and subverting sexist and reactionary rpg tropes
more or less given up hope.
know what that means
on web/women on waves is gonna need to do a trip to the US soon
u make rpgmaker games open source or r they dependent on that
ship came here before we legalized it Keilana
have no idea what it compiles.
issued executive order to not let it dock
happened?
never wanted to be the general - can I just be some shady puppetteer in the background making video spots for the TV?
i was going to say i'll help broadcast and distribute subversive propaganda but i won't be much help in a fight.
trusts my cooking skills now, I think
Very much!
Misoprostol (or Cytotec) alone to cause an abortion will be successful 90% of the time. If it is not effective the first time, you can try again after 3 days. "
just a very backwards people govt and country, to sum it up
its better now
Kaiserina
what’s so disturbing about that?
alone is a good option for pregnant ppl in countries where mifepristone is illegal
abortions are usually pretty nasty in terms of side effects
  +Kaiserina  sadly
but less dangerous than a self-induced abortion with herbs or implements
yes ofcourse
woman in Egypt died because she misdosed acacia as an abortifacient. super sad.)
saying that pill abortion is much worse than surgical abortion
is the standard here
yeah absolutely
with the advent of MVA, there’s so much less risk of perfing with a D&C
im gonna need a translation of that
sorry
= manual vacuum aspiration, it’s a device that allows an abortion to be done without the super sharp instruments
D&C is a dilation and curettage, it involves dilating the cervix and sweeping a curette around to remove the pregnancy
sharp curettage
carries a higher risk of perforating the uterus simply because there is a sharp thing in there
yes
  +bekabug  scraping.
that’s literally how my obgyn text describes it D:
guessing the latter though
equally effective, they should have both so ppl can have a choice about what they’re more comfortable with
can’t find the study but people have a lot better emotional time of ti when they get to choose the method
  +Kaiserina  probably
guessing its pretty much the same with any procedure
don't understand how that procedure doesn't lead to scarring
you maybe have a miscarriage and they "need" to do a D&C...then they further fuck with your chances of a normal and healthy pregnancy
D&Cs done properly are ok
I have to run
never had to have one. they just sound awful.
they do not sound fun at ALL
thinking that the thing that would be scrapped would be the layer thing that gets discharged with periods anyways right? or aaam i wrong in this
right Kaiserina
a diagram in the article
not like you can see unless they have an ultrasound going at the same time
feels different?
providers I’ve talked to say you can feel the difference as you scrape it out
vs rough tissue
one of my organs /scraped/ just sounds horrid. it's probably way nicer than bleeding out or sepsis
i'm going to go hang out with mr and the boy.
wow
is shutting down
will be the last year
sucks. I wish they would have just changed their anti-trans woman policy, instead of shutting down...
some new organization will take its place
a service dog in training :D
cute n_N
Something is seriously wrong with your left eye there
so cute I’ve developed a twitch
  +LadyCailin xD
mango yogurt
  +Keilana  mmm
- to be honest they were alienating a lot of people with a lot of unspoken expectations (which the anti-trans thing had become in the past 3 years or so) that only really made a certain breed of lesbians actually welcome
that was costing them the ability to book acts, to get people, etc
more disappointed I missed the last camp trans for ows bullshit >.>
what were the other unspoken rules?
less rules and more social expectations; even after trans women were accepted some trans women were still being heckled (sometimes teenage trans women getting ganged up on by lesbians about three times their age); listening to the wrong music (most punk, the wrong kind of hip hop, etc, which made a lot of people uncomfortable)
was a very boomer kind of place
trans women were accepted?
thought that was the whole thing
over the past 3-4 years, they stopped officially kicking out trans women
  +LadyCailin oh
didn't know that
there was still a hell of a lot of transphobia
harassment
  +LadyCailin yeah
since it was done, effectively, with Vogel's blessing
boycotts kept going and basically spread to cis performers, cis queer groups, etc
  +LadyCailin oh
mean, kept spreading, since it was already getting pretty broad
a long, messy story which isn't helped by the fact that Lisa Vogel is a pathological liar
the policy kind of stood, she just claimed it wasn't a policy and whether trans women got in or not was basically dependent on the sympathy of the volunteers that day
a lot of other reasons she lost a lot of support, tbh, I mean, the attitude towards lesbians with kids probably caused a bunch of trouble
the narrative from the angry supporters is def going to be "trannies killed michfest"
I'm sure
she was raking in a fairly significant amount of cash out of what was ostensibly a non-profit staffed by volunteers
be honest, Lisa Vogel isn't some feminist messiah, she's a transphobic hippie who had what could have been a nice idea without her second waver blinders :p
someone does something interesting with the grounds
mean, the people at the top were the same generation of terfs that used to actively beat up and send death threats to trans women in lesbian spaces
now I'm not sure if Vogel is that old
okay she is
yeah, sorry, done ranting :p
continue if you have more to say
  +LadyCailin lol
interesting
didn't know all this
stuff I've been mildly out of the loop about for a few years, but I have friends who were involved in this shit either directly or on a first degree basis :p
just knew they were anti trans to some degree, so I had no desire to go
unrelated, a trans dude I know also lives super close to Janice Raymond, who is apparently still a horrible person :p
I know who that is? lol
of the transsexual empire
ok, I'm vaguely familiar
like the Echidna of terfs
effectively doing their work
wow, I didn't realize Raymond was responsible for the Sandy Stone outing - basically she got a ton of death threats out of it
terfs were generally more hands on about transphobia; Brennan is too attached to the bourgeois respectability she gets as a corporate lawyer
morning/evening
$time, tachikoma
are you?
mornig.
are you, gentlevolk?
been working since 7am. it's actually really good because i get to slack off until 9 and go home two hours earlier
you, LambdaSix?
up with an old friend, so pretty good day thus far.
I am work, this could change.
at
great, have my son with me at work today :) He is my new manager - keeping me busy all the time :)
is one year and 3 month now;)
one year old boy is promoted to a managerial position before i am? i should've guessed as much. smash the patriarchy
have no interest in being a manager)
live in a monarchy and this surprises you? :P
it’s been a while since we’ve had a minor on the throne...
ONE YEAR OLD BOY gets to be a PRINCE before i do? just because i'm a woman? i should've guessed as much. smash the monarchy
SMASH
want to limit copyright to 14 years, fucking A.
there’s people already queuing outside the hospital in case the next royal baby is premature or something >.>
  +LambdaSix  what?
are weird.
it’s like a hobby for them or something.
it's gonna be like, entirely right-wing white people
that be just cosy
fans”
of UKIP supporters waiting for a foetus
pops out a baby on St Georges day
tory leadership are concerned that it’ll be born just before the election and named edward and that would help labour win.
┻━┻
on the working genitals DoC
order for the monarchy to stay being seen as politically neutral, they should name it something not associated with any political party. like Mugwort, or Swampcrawler
Cameron a Swampcrawler on his mother’s side?
nature, but not by name
lol @ manager boy :)
where he gets his forked tongue and lidless eyes.
would be a good middle name. my current legal middle name is Danger
  +kirjatoukka  :D
really confused though. Why does this guy think they will name the baby after his granddaughter?
I have no clue.
royal family gives birth to a baby every five years. if there's a party leader with the same name as the baby, they get to rule the country for five years
we have five years of blissful anarchocommunism until the next baby
i don’t see anything in that article that any of the participants should be proud of or want to make public. >.>
it's so strange
but you know how monarchists are.
wrong)
actually, if I could, I would totally vote for plaid cymru. What's not to love about a republic socialist party that leans far to the left? :P
  +enchilado  Hmm
that I don't think monarchy is terrible
someone was telling me the other day that the heir is still the oldest son even if there's an older daughter
that true?
don't know off the top of my head if that's still true, but it always used to be true
make the patriarchy uncomfortable
know it used to be, but I thought they would have changed it...
yes.
monarchy~
  +enchilado  ._.
I think they changed it in the last couple of years in the UK.
think male preference primogeniture is still in effect
no, I'm wrong. It's absolute primogeniture now. The first-born of the monarch is the heir apparent regardless of gender.
legislation came into effect on 26 March 2015”
that apparently only applies to those born after october 2011, so princess anne doesn't outrank edward or andrew
recently, though? Good grief
think current succession is Prince Charles, Prince William, Prince Harry,Prince Andrew then Princess Beatrice
William, George.
apparently George comes before Harry)
  +LambdaSix  yeah
whatever the new bairn is, they'll be after George and before Harry
also think it depends who dies when.
of order, then can all fuck off equally. i'm gonna make a change.org petition to launch them into the sun
  +LambdaSix  haha
if charles dies before liz i think the succession is different from him dying on the throne.
they're a good tourist trap
  +LambdaSix  :P
far as the tourism argument goes i think france is a good example :p
wait, AbigailBuccaneer, you said your middle name is Danger
of people still visit versaille.
only just realised it didn't say "Donger" ._.
  +kirjatoukka  s.
i have some self-respect
mean, not a lot, but a non-zero amount
I wasn't sure what to think...
  +enchilado  :P
"france is a good example"? Why did my brain immediately think "Cut off their heads, stick them on poles and charge an entry fee?"
  +kirjatoukka  yes.
  +kirjatoukka  exactly.
  +LambdaSix  XD
  +enchilado  Hahaha
US, France and China top the tourist charts, and iirc Turkey is in the top 10; the only monarchies on that list are, like, Spain and the UK
probably
if he dies king, his eldest son will be first
not, his brother will be first
bad, Thailand is the third monarchy on the list, not Japan
yeah, that’s what I thought.
although wikipedia seems to suggest it’d be his son in either case.
i can’t think of examples.
none since the 17th century anyway.
his siblings might have said no thx
done someting to get them off the succession
only case where succession went to brothers before children was John I skipping over Arthur I of Brittany
John, period, I don't think England ever had a John II
and the glorious reaction, I guess
also find it funny that monarchy is presented as a paragon of stability against most of Europe's republics
  +LambdaSix  mm
that the core argument of NeoRX's?
but john/arthur i guess were before primogeniture was strongly established, it was more of a case of dividing up the realms between the king’s sons, right? and william doesn’t count either. :p
constantly collapsing governmens included like five or six monarchist constitutions
through military force ≠ primogeniture of any kind :P)
the problem is that much of the institutional instability of mainland european republics comes from a) being established over preexisting monarchies with an axe to grind or b) being on the Wehrmacht's path
also look at france through the XVI-XVII centuries, how many regencies?
was no less unstable because it ended the 20th century with a King
XIV faced the worst non-civil war rebellions in french history despite his reign being "stable" (one of the longest reigns in history)
II — king at age 15. died a year and a half later. succeeded by his brother charles IX — king at age 10, died at age 24. louis XIII — king at age 9. louis XIV — king at age 5. louis XV — king at age 5. fuck yeah stability.
the late valois dropped like flies which exacerbated the wars of religion
France had a dress rehearsal for the 30yw
then 19th century historiography blamed everything on their mother who was doubly guilty as a woman and a foreigner :p
dont know why neoreactionaries continue living
changes when you're dead
  +LambdaSix  hah
i remeber one thing from scool about french royals than that they had the great idea to replace washing themself by using perfume ... and white color
  +LambdaSix  s/off/of/
yeah, during the 17th century the church went a bit crazy about how excessive hygiene was in fact tied to the sin of lust or something
baths closed, etc; that mostly just lasted a century though but yeah, ew
the fuck
response to people saying a guy trying to have anal sex with his girlfriend without asking her was rape: "I think I got my definitions mixed up here. Wouldn't that only be true if he had kept going after she said to stop?"
  +enchilado  ?!
  +agnosticnixie  :/
  +mxtm ._.
consent before
guess he thought since she consented to vaginal sex she also consented to whatever else the guy wanted to do
not assault if you stop assaulting them when they ask you to stop
it seems like the guy telling the story thinks, too. It's very disturbing.
guess it can be very contextual, but it's very much on the edge if not already there
in the story she immediately yelled at him to take it out and then apparently passed out from the pain
I'm not sure I buy, entirely, the "it's not it if he stops when you say no" since a lot of shit can be done fairly briefly
the person whose consent you didn't explicitly get describes it as rape, it was rape. i think that's a fairly good yardstick for determining the ~context~
not exactly easy to ask, say, someone who gives a surprise french kiss to stop (well, without getting physica)
their fucking tongue off and spit it out in the gutter imo
Assault is anything that makes you feel afraid for your personal safety
immediate and present danger to your personal wellbeing)
to be clear, i was being sarcastic with my definition of assault)
  +LambdaSix  :P
  +agnosticnixie  kk
none of that came through :(
you're voiced now so you can repost if you like
we still in +m?
that way
me to rephrase
we still being misandrists? :P
Channel ##feminism modes: +Cgjmntz 2:30
  +libbies  hm
is the channel mode for a "Cool groovy jamboree for mutant ninja turtlez"
anybody was wondering what they correspond to
guess what I was getting at was
long are we planning on sticking with it?
  +modulus  loooool
thank for the warning though
i guess we're still getting trolls >.>;
reading reddit when all of a sudden casual misogyny about women's only chess
obviously Chess is a game of logic and objectivity, women could never play such a game with their inferior logic thinking and emotionalness.
i feel like you need to take a shower after that one 0.0
kinda funny women are lambasted as being too emotional yet all I see is dudebros screaming in anger that, idk, there's a stormtrooper played a black actor.
  +LambdaSix  >_.
people are upset about that?
they're all supposed to be clones of a white guy or something
so stupid
they're clones of a maori
flared up a bit on twitter and there's probably a reddit still circlejerking over it
the nerds are wrong)
nerds are racists
the stormtroopers clones of Boba Fett?
pretty sure he's not even actually a storm trooper we haven't watched the stupid movie
face/skin you never actually see?
boba fett is one of the clones
I thought that was only specifically the clone army in Ep 1-3
father kept him
are conscripted soldiers from the empire's worlds
the other clones were genetically modified
nerd :P
clones are clones of jango fett
  +LambdaSix  ahh
stormtroopers are jango fett's clone- yeah
0 BBY, roughly one-third of the stormtroopers were clones based on the Fett template, while recruits steadily became the majority within the Stormtrooper Corps.'
given the fact that ther's a star destroyer in the background crashed, the emprie is in shit state, so why wouldnt they just use conscripts
dont know if that'll be the case with the new movie
cuz racists gonna racist
the nerds have taken over and i am scared
know they conscripted other folks for roles other than storm trooper
geekery aside, it's a weird statement. :P
officers, workers, builders, etc
ikr? lol
wookies built the star destroyers and the death stars
given the age of han solo presumably it’s quite a while after ep4-6? >_>
i always mention when star wars comes up is
watched them in numeric order :P
i mean, i have no idea what you’re all talking about.
i think is in the original ones
skipped ep1, it's a pointless move entirely recapped in ep2
so you mean, 4, 5, then 6 right?
  +LambdaSix  *movie
any of you read the Princess Leia comic that's currently ongoing?
1,2,3,4,5,6 :P
only read issue #1 but so far it's rad... leia travelling around the galaxy with her gal pal
watched the originals on vhs when i was little
i already knew all the obvious spoilers before watching any of them
unfortunately i think they are just gal pals, rather than """gal pals""")
that still includes the holiday special
  +cirvinfox  lol
ok with this
nostalgic nerds: the new ones were bad, but so were the old ones. none of them are good movies
  +kirjatoukka  true
is a bad director =.=
but but
  +cirvinfox  :<
  +libbies  lol
new ones were actively bad
few old movies are actually good :P
kinda actually like the extended universe, but i cannot stand any of the films
compared to the old ones
i was just about to say that.
were like, b grade movies so it's actually fairly hard to do
films are OK but the books are better.
<3
biggest objection to the newer films is just scrapping the EU quasi-canon.
there's a book about a lesbian jedi or something? i've been meaning to read it
are some really good games in the star wars EU)
i played through most of the SWTOR MMO with a girlfriend, it was pretty good
Never had the money to play it :c
must be really poor - it's free :P
Isn't that now it's all messed up and abandoned?
subscription, but we played through at least half of it without it before thinking "we would quite like the extra perks that come with subscription"
  +LambdaSix  ahh
no? it's shiny and new and receiving new content
Hmm, maybe I'm thinking of something else..
my favourite jedi is spock
yours, fellow nerds
I was thinking of Starwars Galaxies?
  +LambdaSix  >_>'
nerds” >_>
?
favourite sith lord is Gannondorf
  +cirvinfox  haaah
is that a reference to the “how do you do, fellow kids” thing that’s been going around or is it just me?
favourite rebel alliance is probably les miserables
particular to the bolsheviks
kind of i guess? it wasn't really intentional but i can't deny the likeness
  +kirjatoukka  ah
star wars came out i was a kid and was totally fascinated by them - until dune came out ;) I remember back in school there were two factions - and i ended up in the dune faction ...
For this, I shall buy you a coffee someday. XD
  +LambdaSix  Duuune
spice is the force, harry.
LambdaSix
hugo basically picked the worst revolution to write about idk what he was thinking
than War & Peace
failed revolution is better than none
→ barricades → ??? → profit
favourite war & peace is class war and state abolition respectively
the subject of tolstoy i have currently been reading anna karenina for a year and a half and counting. :|
I've been reading A Tale Of Two Cities for about 4 years, I'm still only on the first chapter
long but not that long :-)
about 20% through.
book i crashed against and took me several years was middlemarch by george elliot.
march
oh my god i do not care about this dude’s farm
through AToTC
i only read on trains and the bus with a kindel - so i end up with easy to read scifi stuff ... nbut everything A.I. and nanotech related does really work for me atm.
reading Whipping Girl. >_>'
should read that book..
channels are so tedious
do you avoid being sexist when most men are such shit? is this an incorrect perception i have?
You don't owe your parents anything. When they decided to have a child, they accepted the responsibility for you, not the other way around. My family is super shitty to me, and the best thing I ever did was cut them out of my life. I'm so much happier now. I haven't spoken to most of my family in 2 years now, and it's been great.
there a specific instance where you feel you migh've been sexist, lillian ?
i routinely talk about why men are horrible and all that
or not N, doesn't matter as much in this particular situation- as not being around people who can't support your transition -which is hard enough." I agree with that.
I think my mom is a narcissist, but in the end, it doesn't matter. If she can't accept that I'm gay, she can fuck off.
family kicked me out at 16 for being trans :'D
Many men are horrible. If it if makes you feel any better, just say "many men" not "all men"
mother was THE BEST combo of extremely catholic and trans-exclusionary feminist
that is what I generally try to say. <3
have one male friend, but they came out as genderfluid. XD
men isn't sexism :P
  lillian ahahaha
I like to think that presupposing someone is a shitbag based on their gender/sex is /kinda/ sexist
thanks
Finally, I'm among friends who understand
honestly avoided joining this channel for a while
default though, I do think men are shitty
I mean is saying stuff like "men are gross" is not the same as making a generalization about women
of the power dynamics that exist
dont hate men, i hate things that they do, and i hate patriarchy
i didn't want to fall prey to hordes of fedora gamergate males telling me how horrible i am
I assume otherwise until proven.
fact is, of all the shitty things in the world, very few of them were perpetrated by women
men aren't shitty, but most shitty people are men
none of those people are in here. they get banned REAL fast
you're safe from them in here. lol
ops are awesome and our robot overlord is also awesome
<3
  +Keilana  welcome~
started transitioning, i'm about a year in and I'm starting to see how horrible people treat women firsthand, wow what a different world
yeah
wouldn't trade it for anything and being who i am is really great, but holy shit
i went from being really well admired as a programmer
people being like "oh you couldn't have programmed that"
that's not a REAL game engine"
  lillian x.x
and i've noticed that friends kinda
my one male friend started treating me differently... like a female stereotype sometimes
<3 Thank you LadyCailin. It's true though, like... holy shit I knew before, but I was blind to all the horrible routineness of it all
how overwhelmingly common it is
privilege is blinding.
on the plus side... i can use my body to get money from showing it online XD and i don't feel the NEED to masturbate like every fucking hour holy shit
testosterone really fucked with my head, and it's hard to say if it was just me being trans or--
I'm in both minority and majority classes, I can appreciate that, but straight white cis men are very very often blinded by privilege, which is what makes them as a general rule so shitty.
before HRT, I was so horny, it really fucked with my self-studying
once all of that testosterone left and was replaced by beautiful estrogen i started studying and learning more than i ever have
i was finally able to focus
have only my studies on my mind~
nice
stopped seeing that first thing as an upside when I realized it was like the only marketable skill I had :\
made me a real creep too >.>
i used to hit on women in the worst ways aug
like you got better though :)
men are sad dogs whom beg with their eyes or see with entitlement an opprotunity to fuck
was a hell of a drug x.x
testosterone is fucked
  lillian imo
but i'm trans so maybe that's why i hate it so much
  +cirvinfox  pmuch
  +cirvinfox  :D
it seriously seems like a good way to make people retarded, closed-minded, and horrible
don't use ableist slurs here :\
just fyi lillian we don’t use ableist words
sorry ma'am, that is indeed an ugly habit
wash your garb," said the nun
bad habit
ha
  lillian ha
  lillian :|
i get it!
yeah no i concur
  lillian sorry
just tends to not work all that well in women's brains
doesn't?
  +cirvinfox  testosterone
  lillian oh
  lillian yeah
  lillian XD
that was probably what i was experiencing/remember
you tried Iced T?
y'all not trans exclusionaries ;_;
know
thats totally different and works very well in my brain :D
of my mom i actually thought that ALL feminists were x.x
  +LadyCailin haha
that's why i never bothered coming to a place like here
  +LadyCailin nope
i read the topic ..>
a relative minority, actually
just really loud
  lillian yeah
think the last thing i said to my mom
"hey mom i'm invading ur space" while peeing
  lillian XD
the bathroom obvs
closed doors
yeah
was an interesting article that came up yesterday in relation to the michfest stuff that talked about before the trans exclusion, the excluded group from feminism were lesbians
want anyone to get the wrong idea >.>
are invading our space! is it too much to ask that women who like men have a space to themselves??"
  lillian wait
  lillian seriously?
oh yes.
rather x.x
  lillian wow
hilarious
so much hate autocomplete.. but im far too lazy to not use it
mom recently came out as lesbian after a life of obvious repression
not so much hilarious as depressing.
fact when I was young i always called her a lesbian because it was painfully obvious XD
peppermint pattie tattoo
mean does a straight woman do that, in all honesty? XD
hair
hated men, though married
know straight genderqueer-but-otherwise-cis women with short hair
peppermint pattie tattoos?
  lillian XD
pattie is kinda a lesbian icon of sorts
i tend to not judge people by their appearances and let them tell me what they want me to know about them
is? interesting.
what i'm saying sealed the deal, the rest just helped
you know, her relationship with lucy
fact that the author was like
they ARE
  lillian XD
pretty obvious in the cartoons
hates all the men in the cartoons too
should go back to my power supply designs, gender is so much eaiser with electronic connectors!
  lillian <3
female, hermaphrididic, pluggable, press fit, solder
a pluggable, press fit female
know one thing i love about being trans?
theres those connectors with male and female parts that are reversable in orentation >:D
that's hawt
connectors
LadyCailin: would love a link to that article
the michfest stuff?
  lillian YEAH
be cool
my mom alway gave me such shit for being a trans lesbian
became female to rape women with my male penis, after all
mean OBVIOUSLY
love this comic i was reading
a girl and this is my penis so it's a GIRL'S penis
  lillian :3
about a trans girl and her amazingly bulldyke mother
it's super wholesome
find it
okay :3
am disappoint.
  lillian daw
wonder if trans women can get their period ;_;
once a month i become a monster to deal with XD
it’s Sophie Labelle’s comic
“assigned male” is the name iirc
never saw a comic
  lillian YEAH
IT
so fucking cute
one lillian was talking about
sorry, context never switched
tried to find a link to it and I just found sites trashing it
facebook links
:(
some reason it just doesn't come up high in ddg
know one thing that's kind of female privledge?
it comes to sex, I always had to approachch women
it'd go well, sometimes not
when it didn't ooooh boy
the things women would tell me, like in regard to turn them on to me, or what they wanted
like
really
like if they didn't think i was attractive, it instantly came of as super creepy
as a woman i can be extremely forward and pervy and i never come off as a creep to people >.>
guess the trade off is people autoassume you're a slut?
sex is a lot easier to come by XD
sure
don't have their guards up around each other
hetero women/men
I'd be glad to trade that for all the shitty stuff women have to go through.
looks like its mostly on faecesbook
think that perhaps talks about the general toxicity of general men
it?
far as I can tell
like it so far
not really a privilege
seeing how hetero women date SO DIFFERENTLY
that the top that that comes up on ddg is a site trashing it
is when people think you're creepy and it DOESN'T EVEN FUCKING MATTER
  lillian X3
comic.. the feels :<
the part with her dad
I wish I had this comic to link to my parents like three years ago :P
thing i love about being a woman
that i'm no longer roped into these horrible pissing contests
can be expressive with emotion <3
can behave flamboyantly without being ridiculed
I'm finally able to have like... actual relationships with women now. x.x
shit like, I had female friends whom I cared about, but my horniness, the testosterone, kinda made me objectify them, y 'know?
couldn't even conceptualize what that meant--to objectify
think I knew, but i really didn't
  lillian XD
dumb
able to have more real connections with people in general
always this expectation as a guy that you never let your guard down
you're encouraged to be an asshole it's insane
was so popular as a guy when i was a fucking asshole to everyone
with my peers and administration
FUCKED
ableist word reminder*
  +Euryale  'dumb'
that meant mute at some point
that
still does
  lillian really?
had no clue
thought that was antiquated
sorry
absurd"
like that one
a perfect replacement
  lillian hm
think
or
like "fucked"
  lillian :p
work too
about "derpy?"
  +yar  no
particularly refers to being mentally handicap'd I guess
;___;
sorry ma'am
no, you may /not/ use 'derpy'
think you might have deep seated bias against neuroatypical people that's worth doing some introspection on, lillian
  lillian wait
about stupid
"stupid" okay?
there a reason why you want to use terms that are disrespectful to disabled people?
  lillian what
  lillian x.x
some point it's not just about what word you use
i'm just thinking of terms i use when someone's making unintelligence decisions
had no idea they actually had such ugly definitions
maybe the problem is that you're mistaking lack of wisdom for intellectual impairment?
it's for comedic effect
isn't funny :1
if someone slips and falls after you told them not to walk on the slippery slope
like
dumbass"
above ^^
  lillian :3
bullying, lillian
is that ableist? x.X because they blatantly disregarded my advice to be snotty and slipped because of it
dont try and explain it, its still not cool, just accept and move forward
+1
are thousands of alternatives to using ableist language
uses lots of shitty words in places that they shouldnt be used, dont try and defend it
  lillian nononono
not trying to defend using words which make people sad at all
honestly just thinking aloud i guess ;_;
what you get, asshole" is a valid alternative as a friendly jab against a friend in your example above.
  +LadyCailin haha
yes a'am
I mean, at its core it's about empathy! <3
should have unyielding empathy for each other <3
please no, I wasn't trying to make up reasons it was okay to say words like that XD
guess
that's abelist
at some point you realize your emotional labor is being exploited and you righteously dry up
a disabled woman I really don't want people trying to imagine what it's like to live my life because they /always get it wrong/
have borderline personality disorder and sometimes i can't empathize, just ilke my psychopathic friends
  lillian :3
sugar mommie takes care of me 'cause I can't work in my mental condition :'D
  +libbies  ._.
realize you're "just thinking aloud" in a channel with 110 people?
god no
so high
scale it back a bit
i think you should stop thinking aloud in this channel
  +SaturnMoriya muup
maybe quit while you're ahead, even.
sorry ;_;
SaturnMoriya
a break, get a coffee, etc.
  +SaturnMoriya hellow
didn't mean to offend anyone ;_;
not coffee lol
fair-trade tea >.>
its fine, so long as you heed our advice
treat anyone disrespectfully, i'll take what y'all said to heart i'm sorry
  +libbies  v.v
  zaimatzoain hello
there
  +libbies  o.o
then? 0.o
was fast
evasion
animals are a tool of the patriarchy >.>;
/s
  +Keilana  >:(
TAKE THAT BACK
  +LadyCailin hahaha
is pissed now
GorillaWarfare
LOL
a lil bit cailin
read that in darth vader's voice, actually. lol
thought about linking to the nooooo button website, but I didn't want to surprise anyone with the sound
  +LadyCailin lol
I'll do it.
  +GorillaWarfare hahaha
I'm crying from laughing now
someone make this happen, please!
think I've seen them actually!
  +libbies  yeah
exist
  +Euryale  really?!
things need to be handed out in schools, seriously
don't do /shit/ when most people don't know they exist
when most people don't store them correctly
they were more like little condom holders that you would like.. stick on your wall or something
was confusing to me
totally misread the sentence "Republicans can get fucked" and was very confused
  +LadyCailin lol
in the fun way
the "go fuck yourself, asshole" kind of way
sorta wonder at this point about everyone left who doesn't support SSM
hyper religious, probably
or the evangelical variety
possums
are adorbs ^_^
  Brozo sup
  +void|work  Hello.
the new mountain goats album is excellent
the mountain goats fans I know are here
of which is probably asleep I realize now :\
mountain goats? :D
she's in the bath
she's not even in here
meant epi
yeah
  +agnosticnixie  oops
she needs to hear it too
  ottanta ciao
going away?
forget sometimes that the english use is purely for an affectionate goodbye
it's also a greeting
ottanta, welcome to ##feminism
news, everybody! My belly hurts again! Hrmph.
Euryale
gas?
  +Prof_Ulrike  Yep.
getting sick of the bloat and the gas, Euryale.
my boss made us go to some really crappy food place with him today that had peppers on literally everything. I might have an ulcer so... Throwing peppers on top of that is... Yeah.
of course I have no time off because I've only been working here 2 months.
  +Euryale  D:
a bad situation
also, congrats on getting that job. I didn't get the memo but, awesome!
  +Prof_Ulrike  Yus
it's really not that good of a place to work... Lol...
lot of internal drama and the IT department (all of it including the developers) being expected to be available 24/7
  +Euryale  eeeew
  +Prof_Ulrike  Indeed.
oncall is oncall, but i would expect PTO for 24/7 availability  >.>
occurs to me that i'm oncall next week v_v
  +libbies  ugh.
I get woken up by Nagios... I just get to come in later the next day.
leave early.
  +libbies  lol
like to work at a place that didn't expect me in if i was woken up in the middle of the night
  upholderof  ayyyyyyyyyyyy
what
we've been explicitly told we'll get no additional time off if we get called.
outright said to us "You're salary, that's not how salary works, either you come in or we switch you to hourly and give you only the hours you'd get from being called."
pretty much us being threatened to lose all of our paycheck or potentially work 60+ hour weeks.
we get socialism already
  lillian hey
  +starlurk hi
thats horrible
at least that's what my boss said is happening.
wonder if he would've gotten extra pay for it
Peng. I do believe the "no additional time off" thing was real. The CEO is a stickler about it.
weed about it
like a crappy company x.x
a non-profit :p
most crappy
can be worse
not known for being reliable or employee friendly.
worked for so many nonprofits that were worse tahn any biz
are often... for profit >.>
my last job we had 2 weeks vacation, 1 week sick and 1 week person. That was at a bank. Here, 1 week vacation, 1 week sick, 1 day personal.
needs to embezzel when you can just claim a huge compensation package
pay people in your family
people who'll give you a cut back
  lillian etc
industrial complex
  lillian yup
don't even remind me
dicussion "Support small local business"
you know that prisons treat trans people with civility, humanity, and kindness?
in Canada that's for sure
wait it's not 2053 yet
  upholderof  lol
the gradient genetation
  lillian *generation
come between horrible people and wonderful people
  lillian X>d
is getting better but there are still bygones of a terible era keeping us down
fucking suck
hate that prisin-industrial complex bullshit
money from the incarcerated and their families
they treat visitors like crap
they are created to contain oppressed nationalities
they're a business
dirtiest business
perhaps most influential
  lillian x.x
being thrown into a male prison as a trans woman
  lillian x.x
we're taking you off finastride because it's "cosmetic"
you may not get your full dosage x.x you may not get it at all
rather die honestly
  lillian >.>
Another thing I've noticed since transitioning about dat male priv is whenever I ask for help on IRC, now everyone talks to me/presumes I'm an idiot. :p
was asking for which tools could make documentation easier for a huge complex series of servers, and they start by telling me the merits of documentation XD I've been doing this professionally for years!
welcome to the other side of patriarchy
be joining you soon x.x
idea of prisons alone wasnt fucked up already
idea of them as a business is beyond that
? :S
many of you are lesbians? >.>
asexual!
I'm dating an agender individual. Who is not asexual. So... That makes for weirdness sometimes.
am going to take the opportunity to mention ##asexuality again
pretty active!
i will point out that asexuality and being a lesbian aren't necessarily labels that conflict!
do like to consider myself femmeromantic!
  +libbies  but
  +libbies  there
  +libbies  they're
  +libbies  agender
doesn't surprise me too much, since I'm a trans-feminine agender person)
  +libbies  <.<
  +libbies  >.>
bbl
they lean toward feminine, though. They don't identify as female by any means but they prefer to be feminine and exist more... femininely xD Hehe. That's a super weird way for me to put it.
it's not weird at all
mean
fairly common, I find
sense to me I have friends who roll that way
  +libby\bbl  femme-of-center
  +libby\bbl  etc
mean, I find that's how I would describe myself some percentage of the time as well
I got a kindle!
  +libby\bbl  boo
  +libby\bbl  bbl*
on I like my kobo
  +LadyCailin kobo?
one knows about all the super subversive stuff I'm reading
the competitor to kindle
that an ereader too?
  +LadyCailin oh
the barnes and noble one?
  upholderof  idk
don't have b and n
  +LadyCailin oh
  +LadyCailin nook
it
have a nook
  +libby\bbl  v.v
good?
useless once I moved to canada
ink is neat
Why?
barnes no noble
pirate though, no?
use libraries?
bought books
buy stuff online though, right?
could bring it to a store
get discount chides
  +libby\bbl  codes
  +LadyCailin oh
you buy stuff online for the kindle, so I doubt it's region locked.
I guess i'll find out this november when I go to norway.
good news is that now that you are in Canada you can be a Drake fan
some unbelievable villain stuff
the kind of stuff you mention to people and they will think you're a conspiracy theorist
yeah... horrid
Thank you for the glowing comment about Ann Leckie the other day. I started reading Ancillary Justice.
  +Keilana  !!!
do you like it Peng?
I just spent five minutes thinking about how to reply. Reviews are my worst skill.
I loved reading it. TBH I've mostly finished it, except for skimming a couple chapters because I needed to find out what happened next.
join the club of ##feminism members who love love love the book :D
sequel is also great
my god
day being the day we have a nationalistic orgy of saying war is good or whatever
twenty says the featured lingerie is some variation of 'cameo' pattern
  Madplatypus Anzac?
I see.
holy crap... that is... that is adorable <3
hee!
  +LadyCailin Right??
are hotter.
you.
  +amelia_  :(
otter is like "Mine! Hands off!"
my god
amazing
is making being up at 2:40 in the morning SO MUCH BETTER
CUTE
LadyCailin
  +LadyCailin hehehe
love how the otter is on a leash
  +LadyCailin Like
domesticated
let's take Ollie the Otter on a walk right now"
  +Keilana  eeeeeeee
think that’s Haku
an otter ambassador from Sunshine Aquarium in Tokyo iirc
on a leash and gets to run around the aquarium and meet visitors
you might be able to tell going to there is one of my life goals
  +DrYucatan  <3
  +amelia_  ZOMGTHAT'SEVENCUTER
is him as a baby
want to be that guy who wALKS THE OTTER
JOB
hope the otters are happy there, but I have a suspicion they aren't. :<
alienating the workers is one thing... but alienating otters? it's gone too far!
go going too far.... do I join Facebook again? :O
mean, I'm no fan of capitalism
weren't they already sorta alienated?
Noooooooooooo.
  Sleipnir  hello
Sleipnir.
are you doing tonite madplaty
alienated is just the otter condition. it's not capitalism's fault" - Madplatypus
a #problematic opinion
otters need to pull themselves up by their uh..... feet?
in boots?
  Madplatypus Adorable.
sorta torn between awful and fantastic.
sort of sad happiness.
aweful?
happines...lol sounds like someone you didnt like died or something
in boots are indeed adorable. theory confirmed.
feel deeply torn between two somewhat differing emotional perspectives that are both dear to me.
I'm listening to Phil Ochs songs
- how do you think lois feels about this? does she dearly love adorable animals so much that somebody set up a blog just to collect pictures for her? or is some guy just posting these and then sending lois a link and she's just like, "ugh steve, why do you keep doing this. otters in boots? who cares!"
to feminsim....our families are being torn apart
  Madplatypus Hrm
are why so many men are marrying asian women now...because they still know how to be a women
riddance?
you're serious.
like traditional women
i assumed you were being sarcastic
sound like it
marry someone that will divorce you and take half of what you own
  +AbigailBuccaneer !femops
of divorce initiates are women
men wants you feminists....you lost your ways and your traditions
why men are marrying asians is huge numbers....because they are traditional
that so many women initiate divorces because they've realised that men are worthless and want to date women, eh
fun growing old with no kids or grandkids
am a guy, and I'm not attracted to 'traditional' women.
sure she will.
she could adopt!
  Sleipnir  adopt?
not just have a kid the right way....one in your likeness?
adopt if your still able to have kids?
of on the fence about whether i ever want to adopt. i think being the Cool Lesbian Aunt will be as close as want to get to having kids
would i want one in my likeness? i'm hot as hell but that'd just be narcissistic
kindly, you really should leave. No one here is interested in hearing this, and we've all heard it before. It's incredibly simple and stupid argumentation, the same old tired lines.
just made because his girlfriend dumped him even though he claimed to be a "nice guy"
girl i ever had im still friends with
hope an asian woman breaks your neck
hope i die or get paralyzed
  Sleipnir  ?
what do you mean by traditional
  Madplatypus !femops
no wonder no man wants you...your violent
  Sleipnir  sha
  Sleipnir  traditional
  Madplatypus You're*
yeah sorry
  Sleipnir  typo
least i dont wish people to get paralyzed
stereotyping
just live in functional slavery. Much better.
in ..non femenim
least i don't want women to be subservient and quiet
claimed they wanted that, you imbecile.
to have kids....
a nice family
individual how one would live
can't force your way out
in ...wants literally exactly what i want and will defer to me on all matters"
choice
abigail
yes. I wish a mod would get here.
not true
how much bile and hatred is likely to stop him? :P
what does the desire to have a family have to do with gender and/or feminism?
revolutionary violence might
this is like asking how much candy and chocolate will stop a child. :S
are sick of femenists....they want a women that knows how to be a woman
well i did say that i hope his neck gets broken, but unfortunately we're not in physical proximity :(
anyway if you want better adopt kids...this world is better asexual and without making more kids
what's so terrible about being paralysed? :/
please don't speak for men as a group
else earth with blast off....already 7Billion +
What aawe said.
of men are marring asians for this exact reaon
except i'm enjoying yelling at him at least as much as he's enjoying this
  aawe  hah
i am an asian man
  sha512  *boy
that to the 3rd world...they are the ones that are causeing this overpopualtion
fire away!
  aawe  manboy?
the 3rd world that doesnt know how to stop breeding
boy..is fine..hehe
world as in?
you're just boiling over with "controversial" opinions aren't you? I imagine you would explode if you didn't have people to show them to
economically developed countries are the ones that are exploiting the global south and causing basically every single bad thing in them
of africa sha ...for a start
I haven't seen a troll getting entertained like this in here for some time :P Usually the ban is swift (which I prefer personally!)
not trolling
me too, but the !femops aren't around
bummer
you realised africa is the most exploited one by missionaries and other western powers
just saying ...femenists are ruining families....
see, he says he's not trolling, seems you're wrong then
oops, my bad
if you're not trolling then you're just spewing your misogynistic racist bullshit and genuinely believing it
go sleep. You folks have fun with this fellow.
is, if anything, even worse
were around for 200,000 years.....they had a huge headstart on everyone else....
everyone.
Madplatypus
too sleeping
Madplatypus
night
bad this guy's not interesting enough as a troll to even derive amusement from :(
Madplatypus
 did you know that there are 3 million slaves in africa right this minute
exploit each other
got the slave culture there?
were slaving each other before europeans got there...and they still do it now
on colonial powers were the worst thing that happened
hear of the Barbary slave trade.....
were bloody destroyers of culture and many other socio-economic things
were slaves numerous times in history.....how come it never stopped us?
enslaved hundreds of thousands of us europeans
slaved trade involved more europeans  than the Trans atlantic slave trade involved africans.....
justify any of them
our reparations?
being slaves?
get you?
saying is that....millions of europeans were enslaved in the past few hundred years....so how come we dont get reparations for it?
would you get that
10% of african slaves come to usa during the trans atlantic slave trade.....
great britain" is great for what?
not british....
expanding and exploiting?
ancestors never owned slaves
  sha512  lol
im paying reparations for it....why?
is that funny?
did irish ever own african slaves?
don't blame you..you don't need to tell about who you are related to or not
did polish own african slaves?
im blamed for african slave trade.....i dont get it
you started argument you started it as"europeans"
but not all europeans owned slaves...or colonized
live freely..don't bother if someone blames for things you haven't done
im paying reparations for it
who blames you for the african slave trade?
what?
paying reparations for it.....
just making shit up
trillion $$$ in taxes so far in reparations to africans since the 1960'2
  Sleipnir  1960's
CODE 23832: SLAVE REPARATIONS - $435.08
is blaming all whites on what a few whites did
the hell? where did i blame all whites
have also exploited african countries for far more than 3 trillion since 1960
...who?
  aawe  murrica
did we exploit them?
have cities now in africa because of us
  Sleipnir  electricty
  Sleipnir  cars
is a big one
started generalising so you have to be grouped
ports
mines
is building cities for them exploiting them?
you generalised asian women as "traditional" dunno what you meant by that
women are more family oriented
likely to divorce you
generalised "Feminists" as breaking families
is one of the BIG reasons why european families are being destroyed
not the only one tho
its a HUGE one
are european families being destroyed?
makes a man scared to marry someone with that power
you talking about marriage now? That's just how marriage works
  +Zetkin !femops
but women should marry someone with that power
you don't like the idea, don't marrry
you say
  Sleipnir  peng
90% of divorces are initiated by women
men dont want a divorce ever
  aawe  source?
one
relationship problems are not one-sided. It might be that women take notice that the relationship is dying before men do, generally.
initiate between 66% and 90% of all divorces. ....this is from the article
have yet to see any statistical figure though
4.
one cares
you wonder why women hate you
another one
women like me
dont count as women...sorry
can care less if they dont like me
you are a woman?
about 90 here that don't
you gave me a 90% figure, seems the figure is really ~65%, and only applies to a single area in america
this aawe....for tons of articles...
initiates divorce more
no nevermind..i misread
that for more info
like i said ....i can care less what a femenist thinks of me......they are usually unhappy and miserable when they are middle aged anyway
don't find any statistics
article staes that most divorce cases are from women
haven't found a single one
one you linked says 65%
you must not be using the same google as me ...
hardly implied "no man ever wants a divorce"
didnt say no man ever
did
men dont want a divorce ever"
said most divorces are initiated by women
  Sleipnir  awee
a man wants divorce....its usually from an unfaithful wife.....
the statistic is worthless
riiiight
in your view, if a man does not love his wife any more, he will still want to be married to her? Unless she is unfaithful of course
your married you will always love her.....or should
you retarded
would you marry someone your not compatible with?
when you marry...you know the person well enough...
you ever been in a relationship?
...never....im still a virgin hahah
before you got Sleipnir i didn't blame "all whites"..i said "colonial powers"
all whites are getting the blame for all that tho
one cares
what was that about women liking you
learn how to be a woman before you talk to me pleas
I think you will have a nasty suprise if you ever enter into a relationship. People change and develop, and there is no inherent force keeping a relationship strong
  +Zetkin err
if you are bothered or disturbed by some people blaming you...then do meditation
kill yourself, Sleipnir, you're pathetic
is the right link
in here about your fee-fees being hurt by the women
is useless to a family structure....its ok.....you can fix that
a grip
dont hurt me....
dont let them
do you deaden the pain with a red pill or something?
would a let a useless femenist hurt me.....
your metric for worthwhile is useful to families you're more pathetic than i thought
contribute nothing to society other than whining
deny them my pain"
leat i dont climb religious symbols naked demanding My body My choice.....lols
  sha512  ?
does that mean
is not a thing i have done or condone
  Sleipnir  sha....omfg...
are notorious for decadent actions like that
  +agnosticnixie  >decadent
  +agnosticnixie  cute
armpits
are you MGTOW?
do you shave your armpits?
sightly pierces all over their bodies...with tattoos
can't you worry about your own life
are hot
are you going on about
back into whatever reactionary shithole you came out of
other people like you can tell you you're important
my god is this shitbag still here
that we're responsible for your problems
with tattoos are a sure sign that they dont make good and sound decisions
  sha512  lol?
stereotype much..
OP waking?
there are more important issues wrt tattoos than whether they look hot or not
have a hint of truth with them....
like white men as pathetic
well yes
still
that marginalized people know about the ruling classes are true
were are so pathetic....we go to out space and land on the moon and build awesome civiliazations....we are so pathetic
tattoos are nice on all genders imo
long as they're well done
reactionaries as hideous, whiney children
that the ruling classes spread about marginalized people are part of a violent campaign
are so pathetic....that you are using inventions from white men right now...hHAHAH
already have piercings, so it can't be worse. hah
they couldn't have done without women in the first place you dumb fuck
yeah were are so pathetic....we go to out space and land on the moon and build awesome civiliazations....we are so pathetic
gold
right....our women were women back in them days....they supported us...unlike femenists now
operated and wrote the software for the first computers
woman wrote the apollo control software
made computers
was a woman who write the software the apollo launcher
  +LambdaSix  yeah
Hamilton <3
men invted the electricty and the comuputer chip for that to happen....
don't boast about acheivements
whats so funny....
don't limit them to gender
people copy us up and down
you from china sha?
have very little understnding of the history of electronics and electricity if you think thats the case
troll is boring
took credit for a tonne of shit they didn't do
thomas edison... a white man....didnt harness electricity?
my god he doesn't even know about tesla!
there were dozens of inventors and theorists working on electricity
was a white man lol
  +libby\zzz  lol...
now we are going to something
god how old are you
supremacist?
think you need to shave your armpits abigail
the fact that you placed edison on a pedestal shows that you have no clue about the history of science
well i am not from china...but none of the europeans at present can challenge china
my hairy pits look amazing, and they go great with my tattoos and piercings. my multiple girlfriends all agree
if china is so great....why are hundreds of thousands of chinese coming to our lands?
not millions
we just stop feeding the troll
list misses Hedy Lamarr though
rather why is it the manufacturing hub of the world
ignoring and shit
  +LambdaSix  :<
our govmnt shipped all our jobs there
agree...stopping to feed
you rubbed abigails legs you woud rug burn
femenists hahaha
yhl, hth, hand.
your miserable childless lives
can feel you crying inside mr white supremacist
your butch skeezer women girlfirneds
typing those :hahaha:
LambdaSix
respect china sha
what lol?
How goes?
know how to keep their race homogenous and their women are very traditional
I have a lovely artisan cuppacinno <3
And it was free, so double win
  +LambdaSix  *Cappuccino
femenists have to be lesbians because no sane man wants one
Yourself? :)
Awesome! Thankfully (or sadly) I'm not a coffee fan, so I won't get too jealous :P
are you implying there are no feminist men, or that feminist men are lesbians?
are you the man in the relationship lol
Not much, just trying to work out whether to tolerate the evils of Facebook for the purposes of activism, or not. Also, wondering if I should get the hell out of the house for a morning, and go work from Starbucks or something :D
you and your girlfriend kiss...do you all get friction burn hahaha
literally don't know how lesbian relationships work do you
even an inkling
I'd love to work from home/coffee shops, but I never actually get any work done, too many distractions.
asking which chopstick is the fork
you know that 28% of homos of 1000+ sex partners
left chopstick
like an awesome life
the fork >.>
I did not know that. Did you know that 45% of humans of forks of whipped cream?
plz cite that
but they both go in the same hand, so i don't think that holds true :P
is how it works, jfyi.
  +epi  again
  +epi  citation
just salty cause we get all the sex.
totally a Chinese person so I can totally speak with a voice of authority on the topic
i imagine the two chopsticks together can be kinda viewed as a fork? they certainly don't work as a knife
salty....thats so dirty
lke the average hetero doesn't have much fun
I think providing i have a nice cooling Frappuccino and some headphones, I'd be ok ... work today is likely (a) whether or not to tolerate social media which sacrifices freedoms, and (b) get busy if I do it :) Otherwise I've booked it as well-needed rest day
it's totally the left one
its no fun having a loving family...
Ah, I still mostly can't wear headphones in public places, too weird.
they do work as skewers (but you'll get judged for that)
 we have everything we need....so we stop looking
Maybe if I could squish myself into a corner so I can see the entire shop >_>
homosexuals can't have families?
okay, could you maybe stop looking in ##feminism then? byebye off you go
not if it's almost-newly shaved. stub is like sand paper
raised in homosexual relationships hate it
True. Against the grain, anyway.
they do
says its aweful
their testimonies online
Stubble on stubble is apparently the worst.
That's the thought... Starbucks, corner, Frappuccino, laptop, Facebook(?), and a ton of paperwork for working a pride festival shortly
mean, i know people raised by same sex couples
Cool :D
actually really love their parents
heard reading 3 anecdotes is more significant than real statistics
how many sex partners have you had?
I'm just writing software to make other people richer :(
adorable
you're not going to convince someone who just wants to troll you
stubble on stubble isn't that bad. it's scratchy, which is kinda interesting
do not feed the troll
of your business buddy
ashamed now?
thought it was fun to have many partners?
I'm a network engineer / infosec person, but I've pondered shifting to being a coder
Well, yeah. I guess it depends on what your skin is like. I very much dislike the feeling :P
guessing your one of hte average homos whos had dozens and dozens of em??
i just don't think anyone but me needs to know
But I have a massive bruise on my arm from catching it on the tube door, skin so sensitive >_>
is hot.-.
it be a problem if that were the case?
Indeed :D
you had an std yet?
  +epi  nope
  Sleipnir  lies
almost like safe sex is a thing
sex?
dozens of sex partners doesnt sound very safe to me
fact....thats how they spread
Ah, cool. I started as a developer; but tbqh if I don't switch to a different field in dev I'm considering just leaving it all together, dunno what for, I'm not good at anything else :P
tech is boring
Luckily they went and invented these things called condoms and blood tests.
femenists logic is bizarre......having dozens of sex partners is considered safe....
happened to our women.....
where you use dental dams, preventative medication, condoms/femidoms/etc or practice forms of sex like mutual masturbation that don't involve ways of transmitting STIs/STDs
I've heard that some groups of people with large numbers of sexual partners, due to their greater degree of caution, have lower STI rates than the average population.
i always think when I reach this point of not wanting to do tech anymore I'll first apply as a guide in a museum ...
women used to be the most envious of all races women...now our women are looked at as dirty and useless femenists
I still like programming, just doing it for pay is getting less and less attractive.
you cant be serious?
sorry, I got started feeding the troll.
I am entirely serious.
your partners have a std screen done (which actually Sleipnir i might hate you but that's good advice for heterosexual couples too, there's some STDs you can carry without knowing, eg. human papilloma virus, and you can be born wth some of them)
yeah, what i basically mean - if ever i get fired ;)
HPV literally causes cancer)
saying that people who have many sex partners get less stds than people who have less sex partners??
People don't get a screen every 8-12 months?
  +LambdaSix  :o
lots of people don't LambdaSix, some folks don't know better or think they have no reason to
is rampant in the gay community becaus of how many sex partners they ahve....
eeesh
is more common, proportionally, in straight people
we're saying a culture of multiple sex partners results in a culture of safer sex. awareness is viral, so to say
it's seen as 'the gay disease'
they don't think they can get it
libbies
of the early people dying from hiv were almost all gay
  +libbies  early
men actually
that's true, gold star for you
almost like things spread through small communities quicker
its from all the sex partners
there really no ops around? sigh.
PSA: HIV is 99.999% preventable with the use of PrEP/PEP and safe sex
a smaller community the same rate of sleeping with people will spread an std quicker than a large community
that means everyone should sleep with as many people as they can?
lifestyle is unfulfilling.....thats why they have so many partners....and hetero lifestyle is fulfilling....thats why they tend to have few partners
that means there's preventatives for people that, newsflash, want to be affectionate with someone
so far we've had: Feminists are sluts, gays are diseased and promote promiscuityy. Can we move on from the 80s right wing hate speech?
should sleep with as many partners as you'd need to fulfill the needs you have :P
is one of the fairly basic human needs on mazlow's heirarchy
EXTREMELY boring
  +LambdaSix  >_>
wrong with being a slut anyhow
fuck all. :D
you live a boring fucking life, lol.
have thousands of partners....
no
would say thats promiscuous ...wouldnt you?
sleep together
So what?
can manage the risks of doing so
are you, a 50s boy scout
Are you the sex police? Here to impart quotas on the amount of sex people can have?
on lemme show you this
sex police are so boring. they don't even come with sexy handcuffs
ikr
are gay people
do yo usee straight people doing this stuff?
would like to know straight people that do this en masse in public like this
you see, the stereotype of straight people is that they're fucking boring and gray and repressed. and as you said, these stereotypes exist for a reason
sounds like you must really be jealous of gay people and try to make yourself feel better. But why in the world are you doing that in #feminism if not for the single purpose of trolling...
is what your proud of?
goddess no! People enjoying their bodies!
folsom is a kink event, not a queer event
HORROR
in public lambda
i think you're fundamentally misunderstanding what folsom is :P
straight people can be kinky too :P
see this
do you feel the need to be in the streets screaming and shouting I AM GAY!!
straight people do that?
not even doing that, you're conflating separate things
they fucking do, in every form of straight media ever fucking created
you see straight people having pride marches wearing provocative clothing?
because straight people have literally nothing to be proud of, and are gross
nothing to be proud of........
  Sleipnir  hahaha
they definatly would do so if they'd be treated the same way gay people ar treated, but hey why am I'm even still istening to you
a nice computer your using.....invented by a stiraght man lol
/ignore Sleipnir
  +agnosticnixie  v.v
nixie :P
is right though. "Folsom Street Fair is an annual BDSM and leather subculture street fair held in September"
part of ignore him is so hard
car you drive was created by a straight man too....lol.......YOUR WELCOME!!
nothing to do with sexuality
Turing was gay, gay gay gay gay
sucked cock, a lot
it's more that i like talking around him >.>;
do gays have to be proud about?
did gays ever create?
computing's a start
you should be more worried about what we're going to destroy. the answer is you and everything you love
Best pasttime <3
/ignore'ing now.
  +modulus  hot
invented fashion lol
would be sooooo proud
usless, smelly , tattoo'd , hairy , mentally unstable freaks
sure they find your trolling very funny and sophisticated on 8chan, but you're the lowest effort shitstain I have ever seen, calling you a troll is devaluing the concept
hate straight men....but love all of our inventions
I don't know if that's a common conspiracy theory either, but it's a weird one for me .-.
lol it's hard to cat a tornado, at least cyclones are around long enough to guarantee a shot of the eye
you all enjoy your fruitless.....childless.....sex frenzied lives when you get older
know nothing about tornadoes and will likely never ever experience one in their life.
punch a fuckin tornado
me, wind
fuck you up
actually gets mild tornados every now and then although not, afaik, anywhere near montreal
the st lawrence
I feel like that might be slightly unproductive.
more of those than I knew epi, thanks =)
Unless you're secretly an air bender
down the bottom it links to parts one, two and three :D
epi ....sounds so lady like
  +Carlexi  nice
there much of a diff between torando and cyclone?
would love to marry you and have my kids raised by a women like you  laoalaoalaoal
don't get either in my area so i'm ignorant of them
cyclone is something else entirely
i secretly just wanna get fucked up by a big ol tornado. it's my secret desire
:o
hawt
sure you would make such a wonderful role model
yeah, cyclones/hurricanes/tornados are a cyclonic weather pattern, usually 100km+ across, of high winds
Or really cold, I guess?
  Sleipnir  hahahaha
over warm ocean waters
air from the outer side of it rises up, goes to the inside, goes down, goes back out
they're the same sort of thing then?
causes the 'eye'
...its sooo atracctive when a hairy tattoo'd women uses foul language
are a brief cyclonic wind pattern formed in severe storms
and axe....go chop some firewood lol
two weather systems hit iirc?
thanks
where we come to learn about meteorology
high pressure or low pressue systems or whatever
more you know
this person is still going on :D
yeah they're a spout that hits the ground, they're way more intense than cyclones but way more focused
i guess i should have asked on ##weather - sorry :-)
are not cyclonic v.v;
your pointless lives you useless fucks
no modulus this is super fun i'm loving this discussion
a man asks a question and you drop everything to teach him climatology
had a tornado here a few years ago which fucked up a 4km corridor of suburb, and a cyclone which destroyed a 100km swath of rainforest
  +libbies  lol
cyclonic in that the tornado features a vortex
Another kiwiirc.com person. Or the same one. I hadn't noticed.
a rotary wind i guess?
really need some mods that are up this time of day
anybody not /ignore'ing him right up until the end? did he say something sad when he left
have rotating cloud, tornados don't
Yes.
should be an op tbh tbh
don't actually care about weather, i just knew the weather would be a good diversionary topic
you've all seen, i am respectable and hold my cool well
  +Carlexi  heheh
am an intensely angry person and i hope that twit chokes on his weetbix fyi
had him on ignore before I actually called him a shit troll
a bad habit
are a cyclonic weather pattern, usually 100km+ across, of high winds <- oh god i meant typhoons here not tornados
that's better :p
glad you don't have 100 km tornadoes
i've only ever been in a cat 1 cyclone
was a cat 5 just before i moved here and the city was pretty fucked tbh!
once was in houston when a storm hit the coast - pretty impressive for a mild climate european ...
think it was called a hurricane in the media back then
that would have been like a cyclone
US gets big ones
find anything over 100km/h winds pretty scary. kind of glad i don't live where it happens though i guess some might find my climate boring.
always huge winds but like, the rain big ones dump is @_@
boring climates are the best climates
100km/h winds there was just a lot of noise from the wind wrapping around my house
i prefer my excitement to come from other sources at least :-)
Weather Simulator 2015
had to stay the day at the hotel, fill the bathtub with water and get food rations ahead - in case power fails or something else would cause me to stay longer at that place - weird experience
that's about right
hotel should be setting up food kits for that
reasonable for a hotel to like, have a kit with flashlights, firstaid, radio, food, because it keeps a long time
aint bringing that shit lo
  +epi  l
might have, but the day before people i met in texas drove me around and told me what to get, so I just stayed in bed and watched tv that day ...
is minimal-effort terribleness
there's no monetary incentive to be prepared, there's no reason to be prepared :D
your house and come buy shelter here before the tornado hits! we're prepared so you don't have to be!"
  +epi  lol
shelters here are schools, shopping centres and the uni
is fucking miserable during a cyclone btw the campus floods and you're stuck there
had a typhoon occur all three times i've been in asia .-.
you get mini tornado thingies in scotland alll the time
usually 5 or 6 a year libbies lol, i'm not surprised :p
remember driving through somewhere near dundee, watching a funnel make its way across the field towards my car before dissipating about 30ft from the road edge. :/
  +epi  o.o
Funnel clouds are pretty common in north scotland from what I hear
That looks weird but tasty
  +libbies  ^___^
that looks amazing
so hungry now
  +agnosticnixie  ewwwwwwww
lol.
not just the fucking bacon, it just seems wildly disgusting
for the record, it's not something i'd eat
wouldn't? i would
love to put trash in my mouthhole
wanna make funnel cake
occurs to me that i'll probably never have funnel cake ever again in my life, tbh
for orthorexia :(
  +AbigailBuccaneer :(
is difficult, being vegetarian.
don’t get bacon
salty and crunchy, idk
hell now i want bacon too. damn all of you
mean ... ok liking something is fine? but i don’t understand why it’s something people are so obsessed by.
actually pretty indifferent to bacon
is just a tasty food that nerds ran into the ground because they have to obsess over and ruin everything they like
right the redditor bacon culture
people list it as an argument against vegetarianism
There's a really nice diner I know in north london that does fakeon :D
could live without bacon, tbh.
oh yeah that in particular.
read somewhere the bacon thing came from a PR campaign, i'll see if i can find the link.
i have a thing for pork belly v.v;
i spent the first 16 years of my life vegetarian. my parents provided me with fakeon, it felt like shoe leather
haha
It can be, I guess.
crackling~~~
never been tempted by fakeon tbh. >_> i eat quorn and so on but fakeon is unconvincing.
no thx
  +LambdaSix  :O
there's so much great vegetarian food, there is no reason to try and emulate meat in vegetarian cooking
I sometimes buy a pack and cut it up for use in salads, but normally barely cooked
that being said i often cook with quorn because it's easier than beef or chicken
Boy brought home some quorn lardons that were delicious :3
tend to cook with quorn because it’s easier than ‘real’ vegetarian cooking when i cba to cook. :p
the Quorn bacon-style slices can be ok, but you get the frozen ones (not the ones in the fridge/chiller), and fry/grill it from frozen :)
Yeah, I kinda dislike the whole make-it-look-and-taste-like-meat thing
Bean and nut burgers are delicious and don't even try to be beefburgers
my god i love spicy beanburgers
beanburgers are great
don't really understand people who eat meat analogues tbh .-.
I want a beanburger for lunch but nowhere around here sells them ;-;
well, I don’t do it out of a desire for meat per se, just because it’s simple.
i have a special place in my heart for morningstar sausage patties, most fake meat is unappealing
guess the convenience does weigh into it .-.
just put halloumi in everything
yeah like for a while I didn’t bother eating meat analogues because i didn’t see the point but then i realised i was eating total crap out of laziness.
live on a diet of cakes, hallumi and coffee. Probably explains my expanding waistline, tbh
  +kirjatoukka  haha
my ass looks amazing. ;D
What's what involve? :3
  +libbies  huh
I want gold, grey or silver coloured iphone?
seems the nicest
i'm partial to the gray ones, but it's entirely up to you
you get a gold one in which case you're going to hell for your aesthetic crimes
  +LambdaSix  :3
what does that subreddit involve? i don't want to click that link at work
prefer the design of the 5, but the size of the screen was the major reason I never got an iphone.
people linking to people saying dumb things about women's anatomy on reddit and the rest of the web
work with iOS devices quite regularly; we do mobile games as well as PC/console games
perfectly happy with my cheap android phone :P
I used to do Windows Phone development full time
really don't like WP7/8 :P
my god libbies
are wild
there anything nice on reddit?
there ever?
comes to mind
are advertised really fucking weirdly. </odd-thoughts>
how
men.
  +libbies  oh
I care about in a bra: Supports, doesn't morph into a weird shape in the washing machine, doesn't pop off when I run, etc
adverts care about: looks good, makes them look bigger, makes them a nicer shape, etc
  +LambdaSix  :/
I just saw someone tweeting about the same thing this morning.
hah.
I was skimming tweets and that one stuck in my head. XD
that they’re actually being marketed based on people looking at them, not people wearing them.
Ah, I don't follow them. hm
I should xD
tumblr mutual of mine wrote her thesis on something vaguely related to this
And experience from shopping with ex partner, woe betide you if you're >40" chest and a D cup
greater than a D
more specifically how images of lesbianism, which are assumed to be sexy to men, are used to sell to women who are predominantly straight
believe she called the paper "Female Gays in the Male Gaze"
be fair, mens underwear is sometimes sold on the basis of a sexy model
yeah I’ve heard stuff like that. i.e., all the focus is on the range of sizes that cis-het men are likely to find attractive.
nearly as sexualised tho)
Well if you want 'nice' bras, yeah, glhf. >_>
basically always wear a loose-fitting sports bra over a more traditional bra. it's the best combination of support and making them look good that i've found
i do care about whether my boobs look good or not. yeah it's shallow but i've got babes to attract :P)
  +LambdaSix  hehe
just wear padded bras >.>
of babes, hey OffensiveUser ;p
  +OffensiveUser  helo
all
what a crock.
me off more that he gets that, while Chelsea Manning is in jail for the next 30 years?
  +LambdaSix  bleh
she had to go to court to get people to use the right name/pronouns ... how fscked up is that?! :(
  +LambdaSix  *nod*
  Adastra hiya
b8 m8
are these people incapable of thinking of better bait?
am a feminism because:
video games
all men
u
at what point have we ever insinuated that we're not capable of taking responsibility for ourselves?
it was b8
point thinking about it
  +Kaiserina  :P
looking at the image, uh, what was it
dont need feminism because" thing
though the troll is no longer here, I basically think it's "I don't need feminism because I don't understand what it is"
  +amelia_  ^
am feminism
  lillian guise
will we do now this one image was made
up?
4chans cdn is blocked by my work network
  +LambdaSix  "pornography"
boring
o text
it's funny that the cdn is permitted here but 4chan.org is not
of things int hat image dont even happen lol
soggy knees
cringe
i know right
  lillian :3
it weird that i amuse myself with misogynistic comedy? like, i think the way some males think about women is so hilarious, i ironically enjoy their humor?
anti-feminist threads on 4chan are always hilarious because it really paints how narrow of an understanding these people haev
some reason everyone assumes that a feminist is a spoiled sugar baby?
feminists are made of straw
yeah
is "everyone" in that context?
have to be kept in line
on 4chan?
we'll divorce them, take their stuff, and keep having sex with--brace for it--SOMEONE OF ANOTHER RACE
yes 4chan, a lot of people on reddit, too
read srs sometimes
libbies
i don't give a fuck about what people on these sites think, as in my experience the term "think" hardly applies there very often. At least for the chan pages, i only visited  reddit maybe 4 or 5 times in tech related issues so can't say anything about that.
could think that the moon is made of green cheese for all i care
about what they think?
that be funny? i'd read people zealously defend the moon's green cheese
hilarious imo
also hilarious because they pretend to understand genetics in this one thread
yeah
conception of race is basically fascist theory of blood quantum
funnier the larger a discrepency thre is between how smart they think they are vs. what they're saying
the great thing about 4chan is that you never know if that someone's honest opinion, or they're just troll-baiting other people to blow up over their opinion.
  petn-randall  "great"
indeed
never posted on any of these sites, i sometimes get a link to htem and then browse a bit until i realize there are better ways to waste time ...
;3
like this old saying 'there always have been idiots - but since there is the internet they all found each other" ;)
getting home now, have a nice day/night
  lillian :3
I ask a question about the positions of this channel that's not strictly feminist-related, or is that not something that should be done here?
  +libbies  uh
on the question?
based on the history of other people asking if they can, i don't really have high hopes right now...
to avoid specifics, does the educational resources section represent a general consensus of every subject here?
you asking if we espouse marxist views?
of people seem to have asked that lately
no. I'm a Communist myself, I was more wondering about the general feelings to specific figures within communism as derived from Lenin and the Third International
not necessarily the views of everyone, the resources are maintained by alyx
  +Ulrike D:
opers are not a monolith
gonna pick on you (too much) if you're anti-stalin or w/e
there are ppl here who aren't, and they're not necessarily uncritical of him either
wouldn't pick on anyone for being Anti-Stalin.
No, the channel is /not/ Leninist, though I think there are a couple Leninists I don't think there are any in a position of /power/
that's not true, alyx is an op :P
I didn't realize that alyx is a Leninist
me if I'm wrong
sure alyx is mlm
not anymore
  +locas  o
  +Euryale  oooooh!
settled on marxism/third worldism
there you go then ;)
we have three anarchists so... good to go :p
is a feminist issue, modulus :>
  +modulus  aha
yes, inclusion-for-the-sake-of-inclusion
feel a lot of classroom integration is designed for the benefit of the abled students
a disabled woman, and someone who /grew up/ with a developmental disability...
the benefit meaning reducing "disruption" and such?
other disabled children were much more friendly toward me than abled students
no, using disabled children as a 'learning experience' for their abled peers
understood.
my experience teachers or schoools didn't really do anything special, and i'm not sure how useful it would have been. i think a lot of that stuff can backfire.
mean... there's really two sides to this coin: because on the other hand if you put all the disabled kids in a non-integrated class then that class would end up underserved and they wouldn't get educated
for myself at least the last i want is to have my "abnormality" highlighted.
which is why integration was a /major issue/ for the disability rights movement
think there's no single solution - i know people who went to special schools and did fine out of it and people who went to integrated learning and di fine out of it, and vice versa. i tend to prefer integration because that's what my edu was like, but i get the feeling that it varies by personal circumstances.
specific maybe? no good way to name it
  +Euryale  'disabled'
is definitely the better option, I think... probably
that involves segregation kinda makes my foot move back a little
the thing about segregation is that it makes it harder for you to empathize with the segregated segment no matter what
if you are part of that segment, it just screws you over generally in some other ways, that one being one of them
that said i do believe sometimes consensual self-segregation can solve more problems rather than the opposite
that said its really a sticky subject to move around with and i should probably shut the fuck up
to be quite honest, I'm sick of being a 'learning experience'. I should not have had to go through hell
abuse from my peers
that /they/ would have the opportunity to learn to empathize with people like me
true
that being said, segregation would have been worse
my experiences in segregated classrooms was... /really fucking bad/
just... really sick of this 'little johnny will make normal friends now' attitude that seems to be /everywhere/
of the big problems with integration, as it is practiced now, is that the people who are integrated are only those who can pass as abled /enough/
of us who have really profound disabilities are still segregated
partially segregated
people who are profoundly disabled the segregated classroom is now /even more so/ a place where the 'uneducatable' are literally warehoused
for people who are disabled but are seen as integratable
system of integration /actively/ works to strip them of any community identity
was mostly integrated in school, though in middle school I spent part of the day in a segregated classroom
  +Kaiserina  yeah
  +Kaiserina  o.O
  +Euryale  yup
  +Kaiserina  sigh...
kinda sad when you think that most of these issues could be solved with "dont be a little shit to other people"
  +Kaiserina  ._.
couldn't be...
/would/ help, though, is if the disabled community could actually organize and stand up for ourselves better than we're doing
a big part of that is a lack of a sense of shared community
I think that this lack of community is created /deliberately/
an autistic woman I feel like we're /just starting/ to form a cultural narrative but... it's not been easy
see
/especially/ given the appropriation of our identity by fedoras :1
school didn't really have segregation, so I just ended up in the lowest ability set with constant report cards of "Could do better if they applied themselves" >_>
  +libbies  heh
schools do have segregated classes, it's just that they're not visible until you're /in/ the segregated classes
but the fedora appropriation of 'aspergers' is another fucking rant :1
though I am happy to say that our deliberate affiliation with people with intellectual disabilities is splintering the fedoras /out/ of my community
i think it's difficult for disabled people to come together as a group given the different specificities of disability
even within specific groups there are big distinctions about the role of cure or whether disability is neutral or a bad thing etc
just speaking as an autistic person for a moment but... there is no debate. /nobody/ wants a 'cure' :1
oh god help me
there are groups in which it is clear
are disabilities in which there's controversy
in some it's clear in that no cure is desirable, in others that cure is deisrable etc
also 'a cure is desirable but it would divert attention way from what we need more, at this point'
good point
think that's honestly the majority
blind, just for people to know where i come from. most people think cures are desirable and that medical research and prevention are important, but i would say an increasing minority is taking the position that we have to deal with the fact blind people exist and make the world more livable for us.
friend!
some people are bending the stick a bit and saying being blind is perfectly ok and shouldn't be seen as a negative etc. can't really say i share that view.
  +Euryale  mmmhm
was going to say, the only two communities where there's a real 'actually, more people like us would be really awesome' message that I can think of is the Deaf and Autistic communities
think you're right, yes
more /visible/ people like us, pls :P
hope it's not contrary to rules of something, but i find the idea to genetically selecting for deaf children pretty disturbing, personally.
the problem I have with visibility politics is that nine-times-out-of-ten the spokespeople for the community are chosen by the outgroup because they deem the token's message to be agreeable
against, or for?
it's kind of awful when the press focuses on disabled people with "superpowers"
yeah, that is very gross
can't i just be disabled and not be able to climb mountains and swim a whole ocean?
  +LambdaSix  yeah
- i find the idea that parents should get to choose for their child to be disabled disturbing, maybe i don't have enough empathy with the parents here but if i imagine my parents doing that to me .... just no.
are we talking about Deaf people, specifically?
  +modulus  yes
I know the mainstream Deaf community, at least my local community, doesn't have a real identity of being /disabled/
as an otherwise-disabled person I find /really disturbing/
the attitude is 'being deaf is okay because it's not a disability' and I'm sitting here with my disabled butt going 'so... being disabled /isn't/ okay?!'
the record: I'm autistic, tourettic, and have chronic pain
don't have aspie superpowers, sorry :P)
yeah
think it's great that some disabled people do great things but...
don't want to feel that i have to do something super-special to deserve living :-)
the 'idiot' part of it was selectively acknowledged: enough to make me exotic, not enough to actually provide me with real accommodations
and pretty much all the stuff I had difficulty with back then I /still have difficulty with now/ but I receive almost zero support
to hear
I forgot... I also have major depression
I had a dream about you
steve campbell
had all survived the apocalypse and you were looking for an old highschool project, which was like a metalic coffee filter that could hold a dowel
not sure why you needed it
hah, i need it to fix the go kart
everything was flooded, and you dived off a bridge and down to the bottom of a culvert to find it
when you found it you were so happy
started swearing
you said
_really_ want to fix that gokart
damn holy fucking shit motherfucking grease monkies dick exploded"
don't think you normally swear like that
it must've been a really good moment for you
nah, i do let lose like that some times, thats not suprising.
  +locas  hah
dream
my sister misgendered me and I tried to stuff her mouth full of cupcake wrappers
was a weird dream.
  +libbies  :(
actually really close to a curse i let loose last night when i was failing at my guitar
  +locas  lol
been having a good time with my guitar lately
a finger picking part
  +cirvinfox  nice
need to learn rhythm
rhythm guitar or learn to keep time?
the latter, I'll tell you what you told me like eight years ago
a metronome" :P
did i say that?
lol
it was good advice
really really nice to have one to practice with
helps you learn songs a lot quicker when you can match up the song with a bpm and count it out
to mention doing like clap drills and shit
  +cirvinfox  yea
should listen to good advice..
convinced me to get a nice mechanical one and I don't regret it
got a cheap taktell
taught me a lot
downloaded one to my phone
i tried it last night, saw first hand how much i rush to play the next note
fukkin hormones ><
me cry and shit
cry ;_;
you know you can cry but i will cry too
then it'll just be a mess
but im at work, and on the edge of it all day x.x
enjoy crying. </weirdness>
  +LambdaSix  :3
emotions make me uncomfortable.
people being able to see me have the emotions
normally i do, i spent years not being able even if i wanted
thats the problem with it at work x.x
  +LambdaSix  *nod*
we are having tacos.
  +LambdaSix  woo
are tacos?)
do you live LambdaSix lol
want tacos :<
you need to visit, we will make tacos for you
place is there on this earth that doesn't have tacos? we need to drop ship some taco aid to you.
will see their splendor, and relish in their wonderous flavor
UK :3
should probably eat sometime today
yes you should. that will totally mess you up cirvinfox :(
vegan,vegetarian?
felt sick
sorry :( soup?
pescatarian mostly.
I'm being a bad vegetarian
damn that last image of tacos is delicious
perfect, tacos are well suited for such diets
want to lick every bit of that guacamole
get a spoon and shove it into my face. no need for the rest of the taco
whole taco, each part is important
not sure if im hungry or not
tend to like soft tacos
tacos are good too
tacos seem weird
fried tacos are heavenly. they are crispy without shattering into a zillion pieces and falling into your lap
noticed there's a burrito place in victoria station, but it looks scary
  +libbies  ahhhhh
want a taco pretty badly
Plan(TM)
plan.
<3<3<3<3
  +amelia_  :D
that life plan really should be more commonly adopted
  +libbies  !femops
up?
My other life plan is to wake up in a bed full of cuties ;)
what's going on?
i'm available
who jumped the gun v.v;
guns were jumped
i thought this was the rodeo show
  +libbies  ;__;
;D
  +OffensiveUser  :D
guns are too phallic. We at ##feminism command are developing combat lasers!
want a bongsaber
  +locas  lol
doesn't
elam
i always wondered if that was his real name or not, given the last name is male backwards
  +OffensiveUser  ikr
tactical combat lasers?
isnt' that a bit ironic given who the most famed user of that gun is?
that case you might as well ban everything
say screwdrivers
  +Kaiserina  lol
^.^
can i ask a question without being banned on sight?
what the question is...
discussion of fat acceptance allowed here?
  +libbies  !femops
  +libbies  :c
so i'm not allowed to talk about fat acceptance?
usually if you have to ask if you'll be banned on-sight is a bad thing
ARe you trying to seduce me with cute animal thingies?
  StomachEgg  Euryale
but... why would we ban you for fat-acceptance?
have to ask because i've been banned on sight in many channels for asking "AM I allowed to discuss _____ here?"
op bans in 5 second saying "no"
exactly is the question?
example, in #4chan on rizon
[22:09]  <StomachEgg> is discussion of fat acceptance allowed here?
I allowed to discuss doxing here?
second ban
mean banned in 5 seconds
if you got banned on #4chan and rizon I think you'll be okay here
Doxxing isn't the best thing to discuss, and you can't really compare a lot of places to a #4chan channel...
hate rizon
of racists
maaaaaaybe? :D
it's working, yes... if not, never mind ;)
acceptance rules, end of discussion
is a myth that fat = unhealthy
It might be working ;p
health is really unrelated to weight
  +libbies  HAES~
is Rizon?
had to stop looking at pictures of ducklings on google images
  StomachEgg  DrYucatan
is an IRC network
What is the theme of Rizon?
of racists who hate anyone and everyone who isn't a white straight american adult man
is its purpose, what audience does it cater to...oh, okay.
are people there who think middle easterns in the USA should go back to the middle east
pedophiles
  +DrYucatan  Oy.
though they are kids who were born in the US from immigrant parents
anime fansubbers >.>;
IN THE USA
racists piss me off
me rephrase that
middle easterns who they want to go back to the middle east, were born in the US
can't go back to somewhere you've never been
what they mean is "only white people allowed."
believe the USA is a white country
took the USA and claimed it as their indigenous homeland
if
some are too afraid directly to say because they KNOW they'll be shouted down.
sad truth is
just want to be able to take pride in OUR heritage, too!" Nah, come on, tell the truth bro, you hate anyone whose skin colour is different than yours.
fo' serious.
racism is becoming more socially acceptable in the real world, too
guys see news headlines like "ISIS AT WAR WITH TALIBAN, OIL, ISLAM SHIA SUNNI AL QAEDA 9/11 TERRORISM"
they think that makes it OK to give the evil eye to arabs
  StomachEgg  microaggressions
non-muslim arabs
all Arabs are Muslim and all Muslims are Arab, right?
that's what americans think
It is what they think.
an arab, the only way to stop the racism is by publicly drinking beer
which case they will see you as a mexican instead
libbies, we weren't insinuating that every single American thinks that.
was used in an institutional sense. Like saying "men are garbage".
i know
often get accused of generalizing
i don't use the word "most"
are garbage" instead of "most men are garbage"
men are garbage
THAT'S generalizing...
it's time for me to get back to chores.
we still have that in our topic? nope, apparently not
even one person in the whole world doesn't fit the stereotype, you can't say "all"
don't give a shit about that
fuck men
I put that in the topic originally
  +locas  ironically
wasn't just talking about men
was a kate beaton quote from straw feminist :P
mind if I put it back? ;)
do lol
this channel is against white people, correct?
reading the rules
WTF?
  +amelia_  !femops
White people, heterosexuals, cis people, and abled people set the oppressive normative standards of our society. Attacking such groups does not qualify as oppressive speech and is not equivalent to attacking oppressed groups; reverse racism and misandry do not exist. MRAs will be instantly banned.
  +libbies  lol...
are very much for reverse racism
reverse murder
shut the fuck up and read the rules and learn something, then when you've demonstrated good faith, you may ask for your right to talk back
wb :P
thanks :) where were we? Last I had before dying was [22:13]  <amelia_> If it's working, yes... if not, never mind ;)
I am susceptible to being seduced by cute animal thingies. To a degree :P
I'm... a cute animal thingy? :D
I'm really not xD)
am a catte irl
me and feed me treats
turn i will sleep on your keyboard
stuff over
on the carpet
cat play is best cat play
give no fucks
wait
Are you sure you're not just a man? :1
to be fair I'm the girl in my primary live-in relationship and I've done 75% of the knocking shit over and peeing on the carpet
also launching keyboards across the room when woken abruptly
You realise there are rooms that exist so you don't have to pee on the carpet? :D
I that was metaphorical, we don't actually have a carpet
men ban evade :(
i am positive
to find vegan cheese <.<;
  +OffensiveUser  jelly
the road golden because of locas? :P
me
didn't pee on the road if that's what you're asking
wouldn't pee in public for fear of being arrested and sent to man jail
pee on the road all the time
soul
only fine you here
i think they're looking to do away with that
  +locas  lucky
the roads? That's harsh.
the fine for urinating in public
here the cops will fine you if they see you peeing outside if they feel like it
of the times they dont care and even the cops themselves do it from time to time
  +Kaiserina  lol
here kinda
mostly do something if they see you're drunk
thing is
you are masturbating the fine is lower
you kidding me?!
am not
  +Kaiserina  bahahaha
what's the fine if you pee on a cop?
nice good beatin'
one of the marks of absolutely not giving a frick
in an officers boots and tell him its raining warm water
is 'harmless', peeing is destruction of property>.>
"global warming!"
im dating wants to have sex in public
what the fine is on that
  +Kaiserina  69
  +Kaiserina  eurobucks
a good breakup if he's not respecting your boundaries :1
dont worry i'm the top in this thing mostly
a big baby
that feel when your grandmother 'likes' an article about someone asking "dont christian lives matter?"
  +libby\bbl  v.v
'of course! you wouldn't want the lions to go hungry, would you?'
in public bothers somewhat after a partner of mine pointed out that any one who sees you didn't consent to that
not that keen on seeing public sex -.-
yea.. "hmm good question, i'd liek to hear them answer" comments my grandmother
+1, actually
I guess there's various levels of 'public'
ideally i'd like to not be seen
be somewhere where people did consent or some shit
  +SaturnMoriya nguuu
uh
your gf is misinformed about feminism and says "[23:50] <SaraMcBoobington> I only have bad examples of feminism [23:50] <SaraMcBoobington> see: Anita Sarkeestan"
anita sarkeestan problematic? i haven't been keeping up
  +SaturnMoriya idk
neither
just know she's portrayed as worse than reality because gramergrate
  +SaturnMoriya gramcrackers
  +starlurk ohhh
you ask your gf why she views anita sarkeestan as a bad feminist?
  +SaturnMoriya noh
talked about a friend with chronic depression
I linked an article that informed about depression
happened to be from a feminist website
then it came up
  +starlurk ohhh
got a real good thing going and I can make compromises but
v passionate about feminism
is a very hard thing to compromise on imo and i do it a lot
far as i know anita sarkeesian is no worse than any other mainstream/liberal feminist?
  +SaturnMoriya yeah
as well
  +SaturnMoriya also
went the "feminism cares about equality for all" and she went the "then it should be called humanism"
I"m like nuuuu
  +starlurk hahaha
a punch to the gut
hate when ppl say that shit so much
  +Kaiserina  ehh
know what
best not open that can of worms
  +Kaiserina  lol
  +SaturnMoriya yeah
sometimes it'll open itself
generally openminded
just rejects ideas because of certain mainstream morals and it's like pls I really hope we can find common ground here
know that's alot to ask
it's really difficult to start seeing what's really real
real real really really real
r feminists who r definitely antihumanists, particularly the more pomo 1's, but that's prob not at all what that person meant
pomo
  +OffensiveUser  postmodern
  +starlurk ohhh
right after that the vegetarian v omnivore thing came up (I'm vegetarian) and it's like aaah we disagree on two things I care about
respectful so I should probably be content with that
feminists unite
a major personal issue of mine is that I always want people I care about to care about the things I care about
like doing silly sentencecs like that
will admit that I wouldn't mind being a vegetarian, and agree with the moral aspect of it, but...lazy, poor, meh.
was never much of a challenge to me
though I really enjoyed meat prior
it doesn't have to be more expensive at all
most trouble I have with it is when discussions come up lol
it's like
  +SaturnMoriya confronting
vegetarianism
literally gotten close 2 throwing hands w ppl just b/c i was vegetarian
  +SaturnMoriya yuh
like
  +OffensiveUser  I
I'm calmly sharing my views here
do like the taste, I don't want to have to adjust to a new diet because I don't like drastic change, other reasons.
taste of meat.
getting all agressive here that's not helping your case
prolly gonna give up meat when im paying for my own food
not telling anyone they /should/ become vegetarian
just want people to see
most dairy products can go frick themselves as well
is happening
<SaturnMoriya> you're getting all agressive here that's not helping your case >>Are you responding, SaturnMoriya, to a hypothetical user, or telling me I am becoming too aggressive?
  +SaturnMoriya hypothetical
you.
worries
completely fine
not good at determining context or knowing who's speaking to whom unless it is explicit.
What do you mean by "throwing hands"?  Like, "to come to blows"?
  meeple  Pugilism
  +riddim yeah
  meeple  OK
love it
looks like an album cover
AlyxM, re: your link, what a fucked approach
a weird experience this evening
up with this guy I knew a little in high school
mentioned a local college, and I said I knew of it, because I'd briefly dated a woman who went there
decided that was the time to ask about this girl he met, who told him she was a lesbian, but then slept with him
like... she's not a lesbian, right?"
was like "have you ever met a straight girl who slept with a girl?"
yeah, but..."
are way too concerned with putting people in buckets.
  +GorillaWarfare Yeah
told him he was being heteronormative, he mentioned how I was "so progressive" and changed the subject, I decided not to argue and GTFOed as quickly as I could
microphonics. Who would have thought to bring a recording studio to an out-house? And then to find a range of multi talented Musca domestica willing to seranade while the recordist is pinching a loaf. Actually this is very inventive indeed and I love experimental music but it was very suggestive indeed.
off kilter weirdness, the vox are schweet.
  +amelia_  !femops
microphonics!
  Audioburn hi
  +starlurk hi
of voices in here
of non-men in here
this
out our rules and policies in the topic, Audioburn. The voices are people who are regular contributers and not men
  Audioburn okay
when you put it that way, actually... there are more men than non-men
:(
makes me sad
need more non-men in here
ftw?
n-n
  +amelia_  :3
that's cool that y'all include race in the educational resources
is what i spent the past hour making
if you get the reference
you all know about Womanism and cross-sectionality?
misogynoir and all that
  +Keilana  yup
all about intersectionality in here
guys are the real deal
  Audioburn girls*!
  Audioburn women*
  +Keilana  folks
  +Keilana  people
  Audioburn folks
:)
  Audioburn yea
  Audioburn ha
a midwesterner and it’s very very very hard to get out of the “you guys” habit)
actually from texas but I switch from y'all to you guys sometimes and don't even think about it. It is indeed hard
is an excellent gender-neutral word
youse is good
but if i'd gotten so far to think about what to say in advance, i'd say 'you all' though, just because southern slang (and a southern accent) is associated with lower intelligence
speak southern as fuck, if y'all heard my voice i'd hope u wouldn't judge me
always concerned about that when i speak 2 a non-southerner
Don't worry 'bout it, dude! ;)
totally judging the /fuck/ out of that 'u' though!
  +Euryale  <3
I won’t, man ;)
  +Keilana  bro
  +Keilana  brah
the brah goes on my chest
  +Keilana  hahaha
bruh
think it’s hilarious that dudes who are sooooo afraid of femininity call each other bra
I think all men should die, but I call all my girlfriends jockstrap? :D
Clearly my oxygen-deprived brain is failing me :'(
amelia_
if all men died, the human race would die
just imagining you going up to a group of your friends and being like “HEYYYYYYYY WHADDUP JOCKSTRAPZZZ"
that's, like, totally how it happens :D
gonna start calling my girlfriends “jockstrap"
let you know how it goes :P
Thanks for that insightful comment! Thank goodness I was deadly serious! oh wai--
well i dont know that
Nope! We feminists invented this really cool technology known as 'trans women'! We got this human race continuing thing /covered/, yo!
loool
shit
afraid, bra.
buddhists here?
think there's also enough banked sperm to repopulate the earth too <.<
turkey basters :P
  Audioburn omg
in the shape of Jodie Foster's fist, naturally
one thing all women crave the world over
  Audioburn lolwat
isn't there research being done on fertilizing eggs with other eggs?
Euryale
they’ve both got half a set of chromosomes, so why the hell not
is SO COOL and gametes are SO COOL omg)
men are obsolete!
  +starlurk lmao
are you all doing to dismantle the patriarchy?
I'm a guy so
might be a spy
we're waiting for you to mess up so we can burn you!
don't have to tell me
thought it an apt punishment, given your nick.
talk is cheap
lol
problem is we're going to have to do a tonne of research into intersexuality and the like before we start the purge since... it would really suck if some of our transgender sisters got culled :1
give me enough time and I'll mess up, I'm only human
you're male.
less than human ;)
hey, that's dehumanization
cool
you should know that
objectification is dehumanization
I don't consider men sexual objects :)
  +starlurk lol
are different types of dehumanization
is the cause of all evil
a black guy, I'm looking at sexism through the lens of racism
think it helps me understand better than I would have if I had not experienced what I have
don't fight evil with more evil
I hope it's clear that we're being /very/ tongue in cheek here ;)
well this is very serious to me
i haven't been doing much in terms to dismantle the patriarchy, i barely keep up at the moment
another time, another place: man who attempted to hit george bush with shoe for war crimes rewarded with years in prison
U.S will answer to its social problems
don't know how pretty it will be
will answer to the Middle East as well
will come home to roost
the U.S tends to solve foreign affairs with firepower
least when it concerns resources that we want
oil, oil, or oil
like manduro played it off pretty cool
think as much hate as he gets it's pretty fucking cool a guy went from bus driver 2 head of state
still a bus driver
in america he would be upheld as a success of capitalism and "democracy," but it's a commie so vz is promoting a incompetent fool
hypocrites
would kick it w manduro over obama or bush any day
  upholderof  same
is manduro? I search on google and only get a horse
leader of venezuela
hugo chavez
Maduro. Ha Mandura
  Audioburn Manduro*
also like 2 point out that chavez's programs 4 women and babies, constitutional changes ensuring women's rights, increased maternity leave 2 make vz 3rd longest in the world, and so much more r mo…
than what happens in entire generations here
program about paying housewives 4 the important labor they do i believe was more progressive than many communist parties worldwide were at
feminist credentials just get slept on 2 much imo
think wages for housework is a good transitional program until housework can be organised on a neighborhood level
  upholderof  ^
no doubt
eventually needs 2 b collectivized but it's not gonna happen overnight unless u an ultraleftist
it's a good half measure
badass vz. doing shit right there
is hell for minorities
is a third world country, but because it's struggling to resist imperialism it's doing a hell of a lot better than other countries with similar historical circumstances
vz had the development and capital of sweden it would b prob the best state 2 live in on earth
  +AlyxM  ↑
fuck sweden
is also getting worse as time goes on, as r all of the scandinavian states except iceland
rather live in venezuela
and nationalism is getting crazy in scandinavia
idea of them being some social democratic utopia is quickly falling apart as the right rises
true
I didn't know sweden was an imperialist country?
damn, didn't know that
all really are the real deal haha
yeah, even though it doesn't invade countries directly like the u.k. or the u.s. does, it's part of the imperialist block that the u.k., the u.s., etc, operate for
kind of classic social democrat behaviour though
still benefits
with polite domestic policies and then fascism
almost respect countries like sweden less, as they feed off of and use the direct imperialism of arch imperial nations like the us 4 their gain
  Audioburn wow
guess that's most of the West too right?
  +AlyxM  yep
  Audioburn damn
nature is still the same
gets a pass from so many americans as this nice tolerant place, but I'm within a day's drive of the last concentration school they had for indigineous people and they closed that in like 1996
the hell is it going to take for humans to advance?
you know our answer haha
  +AlyxM  revolution!
stop preying off each other
had so many revolutions
doesn't change human nature, that rebirths the cycle with new groups
dominant groups
if you travel to cuba, you'll be surprised at how much "human nature" is different there
nature is like, we get hungry without food
what do you mean? have you been to cuba? what's it like?
heard one story about cuba
haven't been myself, but i've read accounts
how there is no pretentiousness? or something like that
read the story a while ago
  Audioburn okay
there is any human nature, it's self preservation. it's obv that the axioms capitalism is built on of infinite growth cannot continue. thus it's human nature 2 abolish this system
changed their economic system to one based much more on sharing and equality, and "human nature" changed with it
have proven time and time again that they can work together against oppression. Because it's not an easy stuggle doesn't mean to me that it's like some deep biological drive to oppress eachother.
is that where chomsky gets laughed at
  morganq yes
  +riddim good
supported no fly zone over Libya right?
got wrecked in that debate, and i went in on his side
you go to different places and different times people will think the way that you think is super weird
still suspicious of foulcault but hating chomsky
  upholderof  lol
To look at people in capitalist society and conclude that human nature is egoism is like looking at people in a factory where pollution is destroying their lungs and saying that it is human nature to cough.
is so freaking famous but he's done literally nothing I can really point to as a success
Rebel leaders had already made clear that countries active in supporting their insurrection – notably Britain and France – should expect to be treated favourably once the dust of war had settled.
  +AlyxM  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
shit
like that line about coughing AlyxM
do you all think about Chomsky?
stink
think he's a gateway drug
that's probably good
he's talking about some stuff that I actually know about he's totally wrong, so when it's something that I know nothing about it, I kinda doubt his accuracy
is my new favorite channel
  +riddim nice
is good in his analytical framework and contributed a lot 2 linguistics
when he's out of his element he is awful and it's obvious
musicology that came from his linguistics is pretty cool even if it relies on human nature
really think ppl here could go toe 2 toe w him and win in a debate around ideology
not exaggerating either
u really want 2 waste ur time, look up the full video of that debate he had w folcault, he got destroyed. all chomsky did was talk past him 4 about 30 minutes
say this as some1 not sympathetic 2 pomo shit
was really into his 'manufacturing consent'
not really, never read or watched it, but I liked the ideas behind it
pomo?
post modernism (googled)
  +riddim postmodern
you guys are deep into this stuff. I thought I was deep
a bunch of head first cultural marxists
deep
didn't understand any of the debate lol
cultural marxists fighting 4 genocide of all whites and men
it didn't make much sense 4 anybody, don't worry
is a strong word. I'm not for genocide, but not entirely because I'm a man
wasn't being serious lol, i'm a man as well
well it's still a strong word
was a protest today at midtown east over the Armenian genocide
wouldn't want people using words that are serious to us lightly
we should have that same respect for them
i getchu, that's a pretty valid thing 2 say
on today, that was a very insensitive thing 4 me 2 say
just like 2 take the wind out of reactionaries who use that rhetoric sometimes
we get a lot of trolls who come in here and complain that feminism is secretly about castrating men or some bullshit, and people then joke about that and ironically say that it's what feminism is about
gave me a bit of a scare haha
joking goes too far sometimes
about a lot of things isn't okay.
we should just write them off as delusional, because at that point they are. that's how i cope with other isms
the same time when some new folks see those sort of jokes they respond really well because even the most polite feminisms might be repressed in their social circles
true true
the shit out of men though lol
i figure, if you think of those words you must, on some level, feel that way
is understandable, I've felt that way too, for other things
be good for men to feel a little uncomfortable for a change.
been in feminist circles for the last few years and yeah, it's actually almost always shocking to not have the most important voice automatically
going from a non feminist meeting to a feminist meeting back to back
people on good evidence instead of bad evidence sounds like an improvement, though.
the other step is not making stupid things illegal.
demonstrating that someone is in a place at a time can change the game for conviction
hardly. just gives them better powers of selective enforcement (read: racism)
can also choose to go to say, a working class neighbourhood and catch a bunch of petty crime on tape and boom, huge arrests
don't really support cameras on cops either. it's a bs measure meant 2 placate the masses rather than address issues w policing
cops get caught on video murdering people anyway
also creeping surveillance state shit as others noted
should just quit their jobs
not against body cams in general but clearly they can be done wrong.
  Peng  uh-oh
  upholderof  lol
  +AlyxM  neetttspliiit
day w just one propaganda piece on the news would b crazy
net split
fucking up
don't watch tv anymore
all propaganda
police shootings radicalized me for about a month
police shootings haven't stopped.
hadn't just started, either
was one recently where a donor to the police got to act as an untrained deputy
shot a man
on trial but he still gets to go to the bahamas for a holiday
had some training, I think
It's not all propaganda. Just... almost all propaganda? :P
is your rooty-tooty point-and-shooty, here's your happy-nappy zappy-zappy' isn't quite training imo
have too much control over peoples' emotions
then is any cop trained for anything other than torturing ppl
killing them
of the ex-military ones do :P
have faith in our future
is stalin quoted in the educational resources (under class)
he kill more people than hitler
have i been lied to
to by propagandists, basically
not a fan of his writing. that quote is pretty good though.
lot of the books written about that stuff are straight up written by western governments and capitalists
capitalist propaganda.
worse, nazis and nationalists
even the ones that did happen would have to compete against the numbers killed by the effects of capitalism.
like to count the number of people killed by the nazi invasion, too
but upholding stalin isn't something most communists do these days
my experience anyway.
the propaganda, yes, but he's not generally considered all that positively
is like... the third time this week we've had that question :1
To answer your question. Yes, Stalin was a monster but he is also a significant monster with regards to communist history and certain branches of communist philosophy. The quote in the educational resources stands on its own ground and does not represent an endorsement of Stalin as a person or his regime.
my god
say that not everyone agrees
I kinda did :1
channel does not officially endorse it
I feel safe in saying most of the ops would /definitely/ not endorse him
endorse aggressive dekulakisation; nightmare communism is the way to a red future
  +riddim freenoooooode!
stalin actually had some works worth reading audioburn. on the national question is something i think even trots (commies defined by their opposition 2 stalin) would agree that it's p good
thanks again for joining us, though :>
doubt. i actually fell asleep for a bit, back awake to tell you all i a sleep
a strong critic of Stalin on both moral and practical perspectives, but you can't deny he was intelligent and had a very strong personality.
plrasure
think the problem about Stalin is that a lot of the lies have kernel of truth
Euryale ;3
did murder rivals and wsa very repressive
he wasn't solely reponsible of some evil mastermind
  +RedHammer  or*
a lot of the problems under him were a result of way too much autonomy
regional party bosses
the ones who brought him to power
he didn't go along with them to some extent he'd be up against the wall too
is p fucked up
not like Trotsky would have been any better in terms of practical policy though even if he might not have had comrades killed
PrincessOla
mean not to mention you have to ask the question of if ruthlessness was actual required at the time Stalin happened to lead.
yeah I mean, they just emerged out of Czarism
not like there were robust civil institutions and a democratic tradition to draw on
like they were surrounded by enemies who had spies and saboteurs or disenfranchised former elites in the intelligentsia
rivals killed depends on why they were rivals and what they wanted to do; and keep in mind while you uphold trotsky that one of the disagreements in the late 20s/early 30s between trotsky and stalin was what to do with kulaks and the new economic program
was most certainly Stalin's policy to condemn the families of soldiers who deserted during the second world war to a lack of food and possible the labor camp, yet, without total commitment to national survival it remains an open question if Germany would have lost, or, even if not, might have taken much longer to fall.
being in favour of immediately disolving the kulaks :v
even a delay in a few years of the conclusion of the war against Nazi Germany would have seen far more damage done.
think something similar, if not as marked, was present in Great Britain. Churchill was an Imperialist and a Racist through and through, a warmongerer - born twenty years earlier and much of his energy could have been directed toward worse ends.
already comitted great attrocities in the first world war and in british imperialism's actions in the 20s and 30s
deliberate starvation of india as the british plundered them, for example
so.
the british delaying of an anti-nazi pact in the hopes of communism being wiped out by the nazis
he was not at the head of goverment at those times, and so can't claim primary responsibility, though he was an undoubted advocate of them.
need to be leader to be involved in the decision making process
the reasons behind the delaying the pact were complicated - and something I believe Churchill opposed, although I am unsure.
and he was already a public figure and involved in those decisions, epi. I'm just saying there were a lot of people to blame and we shouldn't let others slip through the net of moral judgement solely because Winston Churchill became far more famous later.
need to be sleeping. Goodnight everyone.
is great
iirc Churchill admired Mussolini and Hitler though
the war
I haven't heard that.
can I read about it?
definitely remember a quote praising mussolini
about the credibility of this blog
it cites encyclopedia brittanica
about mussolini but im pretty sure churchill expressed favorable views of italian fascism in general
he admired him as a person
to the quotes
this article
i was thinking of the first one
that it matters, for what its worth
was terrible, admiring mussolini or not
there ever been a politician that wasn't?
mean he was even personally terrible
for example was very meek in private from what ive read
a lovely Churchill quote
do not understand the squeamishness about the use of gas. I am strongly in favour of using poisonous gas against uncivilised tribes.”
was basically a Nazi
only reason he opposed Germany was rival nationalism
not like all the indians were loving and lived harmoniously with everyone
that story
women were often held as slaves and were brutally raped repeatedly
and that justifies their mass murder how?
don't think the Armenians were saints either, doesn't mean the Turks weren't wrong to commit genocide against them
point
its not like settlers didn't do the same types of crimes against natives
the conflict was always asymmetric
at least after the British were forced out
Iroquois stood their ground before that
Freki each group was radically different. The Iroquois were an early sort of communist with fairly egalitarian if strictly divided gender relations
the Apache
so much
tribes genocided each other for thousands of years tho....example....the pawnee..which came from the far north...they fought and killed many of their own kinds for generations , like the sioux
  +RedHammer  and?
because some tribes did
mean all did
even if they did
doesn't make their slaughter okay
rarely got along with each other
systematic extermination
untrue
u trying to say that indigenous americans had complex histories
tribal confederacies existed
areas larger than US states
very high levels of internal peace
a counter to the portrayal as 'people without a history'
mean i hope thats what ur saying
confederation was almost the only group that had a multple groups that were unified
not true
were the five tribes of the south
Cherokee etc
in the Pacific Northwest
Salish people
all fairly peaceable
plains society was very different after the introduction of the horse
at the aztecs....they had millions of other indians enslaved....after the aztecs fell....all of their oppressed converted to christianity in thanks for their freedom
only became very warlike after it
no

christianity bit
  +RedHammer  thanks
person was awful
topic of 10s of millions of people getting genocided
this cracker goes "well they didn't live harmoniously!!11"
  +AlyxM  jfc
no mistake, the death toll from this will be mostly the fault of imperialism, not the natural disaster in-and-of-itself
global wealth was distributed equally, if there was no "first world" and no "third world", then there would be adequate earthquake-proof buildings
- I HAVE FOUND TWO ENTRIES WITH THAT COLOR CODE, NEITHER OF WHICH HAS ANYTHING TO DO WITH THE FUCKING HEADER
there would be adequate water and food supply
  +agnosticnixie  ARGH
:|
you know my pain
hate reddit css so much
think I actually need to tweak it in the header entries like
it
than change
disasters" like this are generally only so much of a disaster because of poverty
jut uncertain of the syntax since what you want, how I'd do it, is already in
not a force of nature
what AlyxM says; or shitty prevention (but in Nepal's case it's def poverty)
a force of the way the global economy is organised
unfortunately, I think capitalism is going to make it so even a lot of the first world suffers from shit like earthquakes, but the relief will probably be a lot better for it
of the ways incentives are structured
Seattle is pretty fucked
is Oklahoma
THINK I HAVE IT
  +agnosticnixie  YES
EUREKA
color did you say?
will be partaking in narcotics today
no
have psychoscybiline truffels in the fridge
  +LambdaSix  hey
eyebrows*
can order drugs from the internet and have them shipped to my home
is truly the future
  +OffensiveUser  helo
hey
  +OffensiveUser  so
was thinking
a bunch of drugs that are like
of people's culture
ayahuasca and peyote
doing that cultural appropriation?
y'all have good resources for explaining tokenism?
at a guess I’d say — using them on their own isn’t necessarily, but the traditions etc. around them are something that could be appropriated.
then on the other hand completely taking something out of it’s cultural context is also bad. so idk.)
badass hair day for me!
  +amelia_  :P
only recently realized that I'm genderfluid (yay religious self-hatred and repression) and first step is getting a new more andro haircut
I'm at the salon now :D
congrats
:)
woop
my husband is super excited to take me shopping today to help me pick out andro/masculine clothes
have such a supportive family-of-choice
wonderful :)
  +cirvinfox  indeed
came out to my other partners too and they're excited for me as well
\o/
  upholderof  :D
glad!!!!
  chelsey-dagger  :D
guys are awesome too :3
  lillian hi
being attractive is the best privlege
then could you create a kickstarter for practically fucking nothing and get >$1k a month for it
which kickstarter are you referring to?
i'm not sure i'm okay with your implication there
you must be stupid if you don't think being pretty doesn't automagically make life easy mode
mean ever since i became pretty it's kinda made me sick (hrt)
aren't reducible to merely their attractiveness though
hur dur
totally what I'm doing here
not saying there being attractive doesn't have it's benefits, but saying someone is only successful because they're attractive ignores all the other things they've done
  lillian Ummm
  lillian Nah
you a gamergater?
  lillian nope!
think either side got pretty retarded during that, but primarily the nerdlords
pretty bad
bad
please stop with the ableist remarks?
above.
i'm giving her $50 a month because of you
  +libbies  thanks!
  lillian 'k?
mean just think
a month
you even look into her work
mean i use ggautoblocker too
i did?
  +libbies  yes?
a month
know what?
totally would've gotten that without her priv
  lillian :3
fuck yourself
  lillian nope.jpg
pretty sure it's not her horrible perl skills that made her so successful :p
mean, the site she links to is even broken
are you sure you're not a gamergater?
hardly any info on her page
i think you're actually the really biggotted one
you're biased into presuming anyone who claims to be a feminist in some respect is automagically justified in whatever they're doing
  lillian XD
i've worked with nonprofits, they're just profit machines, similarly
you see what she wanted all that money for?
  Argent_ !femops
you read the four paragraphs she wrote?
jesus, judge people on an individual basis
thanks
so horribly confused
i would ask you to do the same?
are YOU not the one who's being terrible
  lillian XD
am
more than just her physical appearance
literally am
then i ask
is she getting
a month
just about the only thing I do in here now
  +libbies  ggautoblocker?
four paragraphs
  +libbies  !femops
gater here eh?
is horrrible
not a gamer gater holy shit
you people are weird
cares, get out
the fuck out
  lillian nah
pls
gud
you
shit
PM'd me
  +libbies  lol
foam
lovely, chelsey-dagger :)
have cool hair
hair is gonna be deep blue again
  +libbies  bluuuue
wanna dye my hair but i'm not sure i can get away with it
desk is right across from the office's managing director
  +libbies  ;__;
i didn't see him every day i might've done it
it's pretty cool where I work, they're fine with it. Hope it doesn't ruin my chances with the team lead job I want though
too worried
wished i didn't work at a horrible corporatey place ;__;
  upholderof  same
I had purple hair awhile back. It was awesome.
  +cirvinfox  nice
I'm 2 months
was from 2003 but i ragedroppedit so now it's quite new :-)
think ive had mine for uh
years
had mine since 2007
years ish
hello
  +libby\bbl  <.<;
i will never look as cool as you
  +maxwell  :(
that's a great blue
  Tolo  Hi.
  +maxwell  hi
a human from Central Europe.
  +starlurk hi
ok
don't get why equality event focus on women. I think that's the same issue like with "critical masses" of bikers - it push other people  away from us.
i formed a huge crush on this feminist guy, the first feminist guy to ever seem interested in me, and he just up and disappeared -_- and like i'm sad about it but not enough to cry, i'm just tired of being so focused on it
  Tolo  events*
events focused on one gender is like fighting fire with poison :)
because women are those who are disadvantaged, Tolo
kindly educate yourself and / or leave
have you read the rules
tolo
Novadays its personal thing to be disadvantaged, not group one.
you're wrong
you are not welcome here
If a humas is disadvantaged then its that human fault.
  +maxwell  !femops
a human.
!femops
that's great
kindly leave
you are forced to leave
here
feminism is for equality, right?
but males aren't disadvanted inherently in society.
  +maxwell  disadvantaged*
Some are, some aren't. It's personal thing.
  @Euryale  yeah...
no our robot overlords! D:
happened to it ._.
I think
  +Keilana  ;_;
yes robots
will*
it'll eventually clear it, but I added the auto-kick to the bot, manually, as soon as we restored control
charlie hebdo is so fucked up shit
is some early 1900's level racism right there
so fucking repulsive that they'd joke about that tragedy
god i saw a few je suis charlie bumper stickers lately
must people exist
can't they go away
people anyway
  +amelia_  :(
peach tho
I think the reason that cis people and society in general cling so fiercely to the “born in the wrong body” narrative regarding trans people’s lives is because it attempts to contain the trauma that trans people experience as something placed within the trans person’s own life.  It allows them to pretend that this trauma is not inflicted on trans people by society and to pretend that
trauma is not preventable.  Moving away from the “born in the wrong body” narrative would mean admitting cis people’s role in the trauma and violence that trans people experience, and society will never want to do that.
AlyxM
  +amelia_  +2
good observation comrade alyx
was a quote
well good quote either way
guidelines page.
is, rather.
  +Keilana  yup
banning people works
mercy, no quarter, full misandry.
  namespace :P
all men!
evening to you too, libbies :P
course, Andrew Wakefield faked the results etc etc.)
I'd have more autistic friends which would be kinda nice ;)
you know
a lot more pleasant than like
  +OffensiveUser  polio
I wonder what numbers you'd get if you compared the health care costs of however many people would be paralyzed/etc from polio to the healthcare costs of managing a sudden doubling of the LFA population.
that's not even getting into quality of life stuff, LFA people are probably having a strictly higher quality of life than somebody in the iron lung.)
leads to a healthier society with a very high cost to efficiency balance
not rocket science really
the "actually autism isn't bad so stop saying it's bad" point was made too gently
at the expense of their actual well being
out stimming and the like is adaptive for an autistic person)
other words...
only is it a waste of money, it's abusive
I remember 'quiet hands', I believe my reaction was to flip the desk over.
yeah I remember 'quiet hands' too...
too
just, I'm saying that because what I'm about to say I think goes better with that context.
heard of ABA success stories, at the same time if you go look at the roots of that particular practice they're pretty disturbing. Things like "let's take these kids and put large metal tabs on their back on a conductive floor so we can correctively shock them when they don't do the right thing."
the 'success' is very mixed. You can try the same general methods and sometimes it'll 'work' and sometimes it won't. (Where work means 'transition from totally non-verbal/etc to HFA'.)
lot of the 'success' attributed to ABA is due to a failure to compare against a control
out that /children develop skills as they grow naturally/
being autistic does not change this :1
personal story involves being expelled/transferred from every school within driving distance of my house. The smarter wiser version of me now thinks that behavior was bad and it would have been bad to let it continue. At the same time ABA didn't really help in the slightest.
given the fact that ABA practitioners tend to focus on /non harmful/ behaviors like flapping or rocking
too.
eye contact :1
were demanding I stop rocking or look at them which was um, no.
still haven't stopped rocking for that matter.
don't know if it's for similar reasons but a lot of blind people including myself rock and like spinning or moving bodyparts in rhythms
never saw it as harmful except maybe if it distracts other people
Well that's the usual argument against hand flapping and rocking and for eye contact, in the former case most people find them distracting and in the latter case it's an important signal that you're paying attention among other things.
can't really gauge this properly because of the sight thing but i find it hard to believe rocking distracts other people
flapping is a good indication that an autistic person is listening
pro-tip: it doesn't
I have sight, it's sort of like. Hmmm, have you always been blind?
except for a few months i don't remember as a wee bairn
distract themselves with their own weird expectations
Do you have a general internal sense of left-right-up-down?
  modulus sure
it's not like neurotypical people don't have distracting habits, so if something like that is directed at autistic people in particular then it's really not about "distraction"
this. thank you, yar
Well I think a lot of it is also about peoples expectations surrounding stereotyped movements? I've had my rocking described as "the stereotypical way that a shell shocked WW1 veteran rocks".
partially disturbs people because they associate the behaviors with danger.
sorry to say but ... isn't that kind of their problem?
:)
some people associate it with davening jews
get a lot of questions about it, and I usually tell people it helps me think and they don't bring it up again.
yes... they should. I have claws, you know!
not sure "Um isn't it your problem that you're annoyed by it?" would be nearly as helpful.
i just tell people it's a habit or it helps me focus or whatever, but if they keep complaining it can be annoying. seldom happens though, fortunately.
happened a lot more when I was a kid.
got less demanding as I got older.
is kind of weird because children have a tougher time conforming to arbitrary things like that
complain more once they figure out you're neurodivergent
they? The impression I got from my childhood is that kids are the ones who value social conformity the most. But then that's in a school environment which is very similar to prison. And in prisons people value social conformity highly.
have fewer preconcieved notions about what that social conformity should look like, but it's always kids who say things like "Girls can't be scientists!"
depends?
in a communist society you still need to be able to operate the means of production. You need to maintain a critical number of people who can keep the disabled alive and happy.
nobody is keeping me alive or happy! :D
a real communist society there won't be "disability" as we know it
also the false dichotomy between 'useful in a capitalist environment' and 'unable to contribute materially to society'
seem to think that 'productive' is the same thing as 'highly exploitable' (or wealthy)
people in wheelchairs will take over and only build buildings accessible by wheelchair
who can walk will have to sit in a wheelchair to get inside
  +amelia_  :D
is this your way of bargaining me away from judicious use of the tire iron?
tire iron
tire iron I use to teach abled people empathy!
THAT'S what those things are called
known as a tire spoon"
sounds a lot less threatening
spoon, little spoon, tea spoon, spork
really, really hate the false dichotomy between 'useless' and 'capitalistically exploitable'
Is that like "big fish, little fish, cardboard box" only in no way similar? :D
too, Euryale
my gosh, it's so nice when disabled peolpe take over a channel and talk about /disability/ without getting interrupted
hydraulic rams mean I can be extra empathetic :P
disability is so horrible
is horrible
really think it's a life not worth living
a joke right
  +amelia_  :/
agnosticnixie - how else would able people be inspired?
is not serious
well hope not serious o.O
deaf, sorry I thought that was widespread knowledge
no it's not.
forget that it's not so in every chat room I'm in
also don't read every conversation ever, also there's 118 people in the room who might not always have context
  +agnosticnixie  sorry
  +agnosticnixie  fine
and if the disability is crippling depression it's not /real/ depressun unless you /have/ shot yourself :1
this is the reason I hate 'empathy-building' exercises so much
"empathy-building" another one of those things aimed at autistic people
but disabled people spend /years/ or even our entire lives learning to cope with our disabilities. We have /skills/. You can't just simulate the removal of an ability from an abled person and expect them to get a good idea of what it is like not to have that ability :1
THAT
think it's this "be blind for a day" exercises
that
walking around blindfolded for an hour and shit
you must be some kind of deity, with your not tripping over yourself superpowers </snark>
  modulus looool
it only took years of learning :-)
brave~
that supposed to mean?
can't imagine how much this helped
that, by merely living with blindness i deserved to go to heaven i guess
heaven???
  modulus heh
  +yar  ikr
this
don't need to earn heaven, apparently I'm already a pillow angel~
I'm officially going to hell for that joke :1
  +Euryale  motherfucker!
  modulus fuck
What?
  +amelia_  Yeah.
....
funnily enough I don't talk to that person any more :)
O_o
  +LambdaSix  >_>
FEMALES
wanna show me them titties?
damn, I had no chance to respond to that .... damn shame.
speaking of disability...
are you saying you've earned hell
this exists
was so classy!
a doughnut shop that calls itself "Psycho Doughnuts" where the workers dress up in nurses outfits and the doughnuts are given cute 'mental-illness themed' names
"Suicide Squeeze"
  +LambdaSix  O_o
um.
bet they're bad donuts too.
reaction is a mix between LambdaSix's and "That's horrible those are real things people have to deal with."
apparently they're really good doughnuts but I've never been able to bring myself to try one.
they look like they're taking after Voodoo here and those are poop
I've been to Voodoo Doughnuts!
yeah, they are kinda crap
don't care how good they are, if they were that amazing they could sell without the shitty theme.
this
started 'bout five years ago. They already have, I think, three stores
all the abled people I talk to about it whine about how I'm 'not being fair'
naturally, have no idea what it's like to have such labels applied to them, or to be seen in such a derogatory light for suffering any kind of mental illness?
a lot of fun! You should learn to have some fun!~
curiousguy13 ...
  +maxwell  wait
you banned before curiousguy13
are you the amelia_ i knew
unsure? I don't believe so, as I don't think I know you?
you / did you go to an ADHD channel on here
Nope, sorry
good, the other amelia_ hates me
:(
yay i don't hate you either <3
to know :D
that would be because they have a quiet
  +maxwell  noice
ok.
the name just screams 'troll'.
IRC veterans have unique names without weird spam characters appended to the end.
it's obviously named in relation to the channel suggesting they would only be here for this channel implying troll, etc.
could just b like the alt name 4 some1
i log off and on real quick my name would show up as riddim_
wouldn't really change the other point I made. :P
  +cirvinfox  0
  +amelia_  1
  bajin 2
  Madplatypus 3
  +GorillaWarfare 4
  +DrYucatan  (2.236067977499)^2
  +GorillaWarfare <3
  +amelia_  3.1415926?
what I posted was the square root of 5, squared.
DrYucatan
  namespace >5
  +amelia_  indeed.
  +alialliallie ~nerds~
  bajin i
  +amelia_  j
  +GorillaWarfare k
  morganq l
  +starlurk m
everything okay?
as in imaginary number
ladies, transladies,  transmen, autistic fellas and y'all gents - you fuckers, go and die, you cis-normative fucks!
GorillaWarfare
article, made me think
thing about abortion restrictions hitting poor women harder is esp true
women can't just fly a state over 2 have an abortion if there's no clinics in their state even if abortion is still technically legal there
  +libbies  ...
don't disney princesses ever wear glasses?
Could it be practical reasons, like difficulties in making action figures and such?
doubt it highly
yet they sell glasses with Disney princesses on them
thought belle had reading glasses
don't like the way that article is written
just read the last line and bleh
  +starlurk but
figured someone was going to come in here and post it so i might as well do it first
no ignore it all i didn't check into it before reading it and i just woke up x_X
u reading libertarian rags like reason, of course they're gonna write it in a way sympathetic 2 rapists
hate the fuck out of women and would undo all the meager gains women have made of they got in power
didn't realize that's what the source was, i'm pretty out of the loop at the moment, it was something someone sent me
i didn't look into it well enough
no problem starlurk, sorry if i came off 2 harsh
i deserve it i'm just super embarrassed
think we've all been suckered into reading and even sharing something that it took us way longer than we'd have liked to realize the source was junk.
beat yourself up too hard over it.
MY GOOD GOD...
walked in on my parents watching television and they're watching some shitty right-wing soap opera
yuck
here's the thing: the daughter in the soap is talking to the parent about going to church and praying in /exactly the same language/ that my old anti-drug PSAs in school talked about drug use
do you /know/ you don't like it?" "It's really scary at first but..."
got some dirty looks 'cuz I couldn't keep from giggling
:3
that's really funny.
you could do is, you could find that clip from the normal sources (>_>) and then splice it in after the relevant parts of anti-drug PSA's.
or just throw a D.A.R.E. splash at the end :>
noticed the station badge said 'FX' so I'm reasonably sure they were watching 'Scandal'
there is no other show on a major network with acting /that/ bad
got weird tv
have /no idea/
it's funny.
  +Euryale  p'much...
have a TV right next to my computer monitor, it's hooked up to cable and everything. I think I've watched that thing like once during a local emergency.
then never again.
Scandal?
wait there was a second time for an Obama speech.
remember the original Star Trek? Y'all remember the show 24? Imagine if 24 were acted by an all-Shatner cast. You now have Scandal.
  +LambdaSix  hah
dear 24 was so terrible
forgot to mention... it's also written by a fox news executive rather than professional writers
I'm Jack Bauer, you might remember me from torturing people in disregard of international treaty!"
my god that sounds hilarious tbh
Shatner….oh my god
is Jack Bauer actually torturing people in any official capacity? I thought it was a black op.
y’all heard his cover of Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds because….rofl
torture in an official capacity would be any better.
suspect if there is a moral absolute, not torturing people is probably part of it. >_>'
yeah, maybe. heh
the official legal argument the US uses (which is rules lawyer level and doesn't actually address the parts people care about but whatever) goes something like:
we capture as part of our operations in the middle east aren't actually enemy combatants covered by treaty because they're not part of a real state/nations army, and we're using our army base in Cuba so we're not violating domestic or international law."
  +LambdaSix  ~_~
which any sensible person should say: "That's very clever, but no."
not allowed to just torture randoms tho
the treaties don't say 'but it's totes cool to just kidnap and torture people lol have fun'
not sure the treaties actually cover this case? It's not like it matters its so obviously against just American domestic policy in every other area that it's ridiculous.
sweat, if that doesn't work, the US'll have half a dozen other legal arguments that Justice assures you are sound and they'd love to tell you all about them, but they're classified.
pretty sure the real subtext to arguments like that is "Eff you, we're America."
are diplomatic appearances to maintain you lout
said subtext.
  Peng  :P
never really thought of Scandal as right-wing, except for its obsession with torture.
  anal  hi
marriage is something men want. Lesbian couples account for the majority of same-sex marriages, but even the vernacular “gay marriage” types it as a male concern. That makes it of interest to everyone, because everything male is of general interest.
rights are inescapably about women. Pervasive misogyny means not only that those rights are stigmatized—along with the women who exercise them—but that men don’t see them as all that important, while women have limited social power to promote them.
a quote
really... wow.
on.
are no female CEOs pouring millions into reproductive rights or threatening to relocate their businesses when a state guts access to abortion."
someone linked that yesterday
was /all over/ that
good article
  +LadyCailin yeah
got some feminists here tonight?
that could've gone worse :P
fizzled out pretty quickly.
This coffee is decent.
what kinda coffee?
blend from the cafe underneath my office, mostly Ethiopian in it.
decent as a doppio.
i signed up to go back to school, i'm waiting for the confirmation that i'm accepted
I hope you get it! How soon do you find out?
congratulations and good luck!
:)
don't know when i find out tbh
only have a semester left of school to do but the last year was so fucking hard that i'm just going to take two classes at a time...
according to this ad if men dont eat snickers they become decent
know what to do fellow misanderers
that thing is gross
you seen the stupid 'beach body ready' ads?
sweet god.
makes me want to murder someone.
don't believe I have :/
story short, 'are you beach body ready' adsthat show very skinny women and very muscular men.
irony makes for easy dogwhistling
that you need to look that way.
  +erry yes.
a disgusting pig.
  +erry ;/
should empower women. our bodies belong to us.
e can go to the beach if we want to.
is garbage anyway
way is better imo
talking about tasty things at 2 in the morning :(
all made from slave labor
do like the grafitti...
I'd climb over the third rail for that :P

awesome. i love it.
TheChips
that drive thru person
  +amelia_  :D
my god their reply tweets
i know right.
run a company, and you behave like a 10 year old bully
disgraceful.
if i wanted to buy their products, i never would after that behaviour.
  +amelia_  ^
the responses - whilst valid - are still generating them publicity, and they're smugly claiming more sales over it :/ assholes.
that's the sad part.
best to just ignore these edgy ads
had enough being ashamed of my body :/
wouldn't even give them "edgy"
don't want to do it, and i don't; want anyone to do it
screw that.
  +GorillaWarfare ++
shit wasn't even edgy 50 years ago
we talking about the snickers ad or the beach body ads? i meant the snickers ad
i meant the beach body ones
yes you're right, ignore them all IMO
revolution will not be televised, let alone a commercial
ads are also shit
yeah, even "progressive" ads are just shit
Dove
  +GorillaWarfare smh
blows my mind that one brand can be lauded for all these "body-positive" ads while other brands owned by the same company do the Axe bullshit.
favourite ad are the "I'm an immigrant" ads in the tube
say "I'm an immigrant, and i'm a doctor/fire fighter/whatever"
to fight xenophobia. i love them
need more causes putting up stuff like that.
love a 'your body looks fine' ad right next to these stupid protein ads
an immigrant, and it doesn't matter one wit what my profession is. I am a worthwhile human beingno matter what I do."
yes, that too.
is specifically meant to fight that all immigrants are on welfare,
isn't remotely true of course.
I see.
even if it were, hating isn't the solution
would be great heh
with a little arrow
listen to these assholes"
  +erry :D
yes.
it's erry
  +maxwell  <3
it's maxwell
need sex-related advice
should i go
let's challenge peoples' xenophobia by reinforcing their prejudice against people on welfare
  Felishia  :o
XD
are you doing here?
know you from somewhere :3
-_-
:3
  Felishia  what?
I'm sure I've seen that user somewhere X3
Felishia
:3
brings you here
nothing, just weirdness :p
all girls :o
absolutely everyone.
where?
I'm pretty sure there are very few /girls/ here :1
  Felishia  :o
not :3
just love the girly look
it's not fair >:c
my college girls can dress and look the way they want, guys can't...
hair, specific clothing style..
  Felishia  meh
  Felishia  XD
IRC
  +agnosticnixie  yeah
  +locas  ^
do you mean?
in most contexts girls can't really dress and look the way they want without social backlash
you don't present yourself as sexually appealing you get a lot of shit
I get a lot of backlash for the way /I/ look, that's for sure
on college can look any way they please from my experiences.
  +Euryale  definitely
unless they're 'crossdressing'
then, it's college
there are some schools that would be upset
women can dress butchier doesn't mean it's accepted, dressing in other ways will also be treated by men with self control issues and machist entitlement to act as if you do it for them
pretty much as long as you're not wearing a skirt or a dress or a bra... guys can get away with pretty much anything
before anyone says anything about short hair in a business setting... maybe I should remind you what /women/ have to go through to 'look professional'
heels, long hair, nails done, stockings, jewelry
  Felishia  what?
get totally the opposite
I'm a butch dyke but I'm /also unemployed/
lol
know a boy who was kicked for having long hair
acting gay
you go to a christian university or something
had shoulder length hair through college.
like... jesus
  Felishia  :<
  Felishia  nope...
not christian
country if you don't mind my asking
I saw a girl using boy clothes...
women, like me, get raped for being butch :1
it was like ok
Venezuela
  Felishia  o.O
  +Euryale  yeah...
someone I talked to once was like "just look for a job where you don't have to be visible to customers"
thanks a fucking lot budy
I there are so many woman teachers using, shoulder pads, for those, mmm... flux, I don't know... looks like an smoking thing
pads are something from the 80s THAT SHOULD DIE
  +Euryale  yeah...
apparently I'm forced to use them for my graduation
have a sweater with shoulderpads :3
ain't ashamed
makes me look more masculine... fucking rules
god help you if you're trans or have PCOS or are intersex or something and naturally look 'mannish'
help you if you look 'unfuckable'
I do that's why I'm stressed out
PCOS?
ovary syndrom
ovarian syndrome
an intersex mutation
and look..
we're saying is that there is still social backlash in not conforming for women, regardless of what the dress code states
much of it is mysogyny; masculine is default, feminine is aberrant
it's 100% based in misogyny
  Felishia  :o
old "women can aspire to look like men because men are cool, but men shouldn't look like women because women are not cool" stuff
as Euryale pointed out it is not remotely that simple, either
some people feel threatened by it
it's in the fukin' rules :< how can that be written in the school rules?
:|
change your gender marker?
does that help?
you'd probably get superpowes or something
  +locas  +r
they notice that's direct expulsion, and I think they can call the police or stuff
  Felishia  brb
didn't mean like modify it yourself, but holy shit will they really call the police for that >_>
identify
too close
basically what I was saying is transition >_> but I'm not sure what the requirements are for changing gender marker in venezuela
it's illegal
that's fucked :\
is a thing that a lot of trans women do miss bcause it carries a lot of insecurities that are potentially life threatening when cis people are involved: cis men and some cis women tend to gender people based on a limited amount of cues which work from the basis of that point I made earlier; and butches, while they occupy a certain privileged position within the lgbt community, are also subjected to corrective shit
not quite 'women should look like men' thing because masculinity is cool. A lot of socially proscribed 'masculine' presentation of women is, in fact, not masculinity at all. When a woman presents in a masculine way she is, in fact, highlighting her sexual virility by contrasting it by using pseudo-masculine presentation in much the same way as her virility is highlighted by using femininity.
can't change gender or name for that reasons... stuff stuff bla bla bla, I don't know, that's what our LGBT lawyer tells us.
- seriously?
she wrote an entire article on that... but it's in spanish
was mad XD
might have been some recnt change though; a lot of these changes in latin countries are very new (applies to Spain, France, Argentina, Uruguay, Brazil at least)
  +agnosticnixie  link,?
on facebook
Adrian
think she may have some articles in English too
me seek
also member of the WPATH stuff people  X3
love her... <3
yeah I see
okay, it's a commentary on Mexico joining the other major latin states :p
what you said is spot on
  Felishia  :o
  +agnosticnixie  er
  +agnosticnixie  fuck
  +agnosticnixie  sorry
you definitely have my sympathies
(I am also a trans woman)
  Felishia  :3
- but it's mostly rooted in misogyny (and transphobia)
lot of us here are)
just mad at school... I can deal with everything else
check out our /topic ;)
misogyny XD if I may ask?
systematic oppression of women
kinda sucks
idea of anything that is not seen as inherently or mostly masculine as inferior, including the oppression of women and anything that does not conform to a certain idea that masculine = neutral
this article...
;)
  +locas  :|
venezuelan states adopt their own laws like in Brazil or Mexico or is it much more centralized?
person who tried to change her name and sex to girl but couldn't, those are the legal papers... from the justice database
yah, read too fast
what do you mean?
in the US, Mexico and Brazil, states imply relatively loose federalism
does it have to be adopted on a national level or can provinces adopt their own laws?
each state having a lot of powers
while it's terribly shitty that in the US national level non-discrimination isn't a thing like Mexico
a minor ray of hope
to be legal, at national level, but I've seen doctor break the rules and giving HRT to transgender people
figured venezuelan states don't have the power to set their own law about it
a public way...
it's even illegal to give HRT to trans women?
is
a terrible place ;\
  +agnosticnixie  wow
the text is :/
medicine is not controlled :p sooo, you can buy anything you want from pharmacies
how I do it...
  +Euryale  okay
you know the proper doses?
that's true in a few places with less progressive shit on the legal end
over the counter e was a thing
  +locas  same
  +agnosticnixie  :p
used to be
yes I read the whole WPATH even made the tests...
test, stuff test, I just missed the liver test...
was the only person to gain muscular mass with estradiol :p
test is important but mostly was for when doses were high and the meds were ridiculously high impact
  +agnosticnixie  heh
didn't realize WPATH gave doses...
know a few trans women who had gains; mostly they exercized while on hrt
you read, toxiticy levels, what it is, then you make a calculation...
  +Euryale  ah
because I would suddenly feel well and eat a lot, and exercise!
gained 10kg
was underweight anyway :3
I gained weight too
was under
if I gained or loss muscle though
even know how I woulda checked
may have gained...
that's not bad :p
is good, when it doesn't look manly
what I always tell self-medicating trans women is 6-8mg of 17b estradiol, 1-200mg spironolactone, and 1-200mg of micronized progesterone (optional, but ONLY micronized progesterone)
and avoid ethanyl estradiol
:3 you said it...
  +Euryale  n-n
I don't use 17b I use valerate
injections!
oral
no micronized progesterone, it's hard to find
estradiol valerate orals?
  Felishia  yes
  +agnosticnixie  er
pretty sure estrace is valerate
  Felishia  progynova
yeah, prog is a pain to source, consider progynova?
use progyluton
contains valerate
a bit of progesterone
all that expensive otc?
isn't...
is strange
you'd be wrong. Estrace is 17b-estradiol
is also estradiol valerate
rally?
ciproterone acetate :3
- progyluton is, afaik, not available in the US
seems to be mostly a latin american thing with a fw asian countries
is a progesterone with anti-androgenic interaction
I was just curious about general cost, not about the specific meds
  Felishia  :o
mostly given up on prog for now tbh :\
don't ask me, it costs me 10$ a month
ciproterone is another thing that's not available in the US in Canada but in Europe and Latin America it is; the makers didn't feel like paying the FDA's bribes
I was asking about that earlier today
wondered if it was a big pharma conspiracy :|
really?
have british friends who will be very unhappy
because the factories stop making it
to my "contacts" XD
much every UK trans woman I know uses that intead of spiro
standard antiandrogen in Britain is cipro
dunno Xd my contacts are the pharmacy girls
guess I knew a couple on
was it called
or something like that
wow really? it says estradiol valerate in my box
then it might contain that, too
different by country
avoid ethinyl estradiol since it's /nasty/
that is dissapearing
cept for US birth control pills :1
I know :p I used contraception when I was way younger
  Felishia  XDDD
pills a day
the whole 21 pills box
and try to get pills without progestins in them since progesterone-type drugs, with the exception of micronized progesterone (prometrium), are /very bad/ for trans women
happens when you're a teen are desperated and doctors gives you strong drugs instead the stuff you want...
  Felishia  why?
/very bad/ :o
it says valerate it likely does
idea is that the estrogen in the HRT can cause endometrial cancer and this can be countered with progestins but... trans women have no endometrium and progestins multiply breast cancer risks /markedly/
know a greek trans woman who almost overdosed becausee another trans woman told her wrong dosages out of spite :(
  TheChips  wtf
  Felishia  shut
  Felishia  shit
obviously got better and had a long life
longish since she's only five years older than me and isn't dead yet :p
I've got killer parasites more than once and I'm healthy as rock
the record, micronized progesterone does not increase breast cancer risks and, though it's not really useful for reducing breast cancer risks, it appears to have a weak anti-carcinogenic effect on cisgender women's breasts
- hope you keep that strength
which makes sense given that progesterone is known to protect breast tissue against breast cancer. The only question is whether or not the /drug/ provides the same benefits.
  Felishia  aaaa
my pill contains that
what’s wrong with ethinyl estradiol?! D:
my breast are little :<
TOXIC!
blood clotting
DVT risk
- do you want to keep your legs?
that explains why I have to get checked for blood clots >_>
that shit switched
just exercise everyday and eat well :3
even worst than premarin
holy shit apparently my contraception ups my risk of DVT 10,000x
SHIT
  Felishia  O.o
probably boring the cis people >.>
I took 7 to 21 times the dosage for a year, I didn't got anything
you Felishia and Euryale and agnosticnixie y’all might have just saved my life
yeah... do look into that. the birth control pill in the united states contains ethinyl estradiol and medroxyprogesterone acetate which... are drugs that have been obsolete for the last ten, twenty years and are /known to be unsafe and have much safer alternatives/
  +Keilana  <3333
  Felishia  XD
would like to not die
- there are a lot of protocols which maintain a lot of fairly archaic drugs that are generally considered now to be unsafe
is dirt cheap
know so much about drugs
you <3
had borderline 80s grade dosages of premarin
  Felishia  XD
now let's talk about meth
no XD
  +agnosticnixie  haha
crap agnosticnixie, that sounds terrible D:
know the formula, I watched it in breaking bad :o
day I'll write a postapoc story with trans people running a hrt lab that looks like a meth lab
Yeah, spiro is an excellent anti-androgen. I recommend it over ciproterone acetate given that the latter is a progestin and... those generally don't do very good things to the human body, according to research.
- they actually used to prescribe like 15+mg a day before AAs became a widspread thing
would read that novel agnosticnixie
but makes you pee all day long
true that :1
would probably be one of the short stories in my ex-straight camp series :p
do you use spiro?
I do
not /that/ bad, honestly
you also feel the need to eat salt XD I used to hate salt, now I put salt to the sugar... literally, I've done it ??
I actually turn the plans into actual stories >.>
- you on spiro?
  Felishia  yes
  +agnosticnixie  yeah
can go out during the day and not /have/ to pee as long as I don't guzzle fluids
that's how the primmies want us to do hrt
sidee effects make it so that without additional salt and water intake
too XD but the first days my pee was purple
basically absorb more potassium
end up feeling faint
then you start peeing by the bucket
call it, in the professional jargon, getting spir0wned
never been able to avoid the peeing thing
check myslf out >.>
the worst because there aren't many good public bathrooms here
I'm essentially always afraid to pee
always have to pee v_v
know one trans woman who actually managed to get spiro prescribed as a legit heart medicine
  Felishia  :o
you scared me
faint all time
wait... I think what I have are convulsions
water, basically like if you were in the Sahara
40?C outside
it was in the afternoon
yeah it's convulsions, makes more sense... same symtoms, I'll never understand that thing, hopefully they're too fast so they last only a few seconds
yeah agnosticnixie. Because it does reduce blood pressure.
- yeah but a fair number of docs would not prescribe that to a patient who is "legally male"
  +DrYucatan  Ahh.
conservative ones would probably remind them that it's something only women and fags ask for and only women are supposed to ask for
have no great trust in the medical profession when it comes to not being full of misogynistic, transphobic and homophobic asshats
the doctor called me crazy... :o when I wasn't looking, after I paid...
got my insurance blocked for being transgender
sucks a lot :(
suck
if you say that...
always thought doctors there were better
discriminative
depends on the doctor
likely to prescribe you testo thinking you're dumb
kind of shit is still depressingly common everywhere I think, though in countries where it's at least legal the concentration of that particular brand of ass is surely lower
best one what the one that didn't do anything but fill papers while I was there, I had to go because my mother
there's money to be made treating trans ppl where it is legal
mean they're not misogynist under a layer of being "accepting"
:<
lot of doctors aren't very accepting.
lot of doctors are complete fucking assholes
  Felishia  :o
I think it's better to be our own doctors :<
learned to read my own tests for that.
just crappy to depend to someone
get back to work :3
  Felishia  mew!
everyone!
  +locas  hugs
LATE :_:
that's kind of my ideal as far as things go, pity official recourses make it harder whn you don't play their shit games
Misandry Mondays over?
MM is no longer only on Mondays. It is now used whenever deemed necessary by the operators.
when we're under attack by abusive trolls
  +Euryale  n-n
back :3
time to sleep
yet tired
me ??
  Felishia  ._.
a very good job, aren't we?
to anything: does anybody here want a steam key for Monaco: What's Yours Is Mine?
just ended up with a spare one and my usual channels for giving away this kind of thing are full of dudebros who don't deserve video games
amuses me :3
  Felishia  :o
Have you tried watching/listening to ASMR stuffs? Those can be quite relaxing :3
music wakes me up :<
know of few with music :o
does it werk on linux
think so yeah
i'll want it
operating systems are awful
  +OffensiveUser  this
say this while using a windows pc, a linux pc and a mac at the same time
dont have much experience with mac but most OSes lack
they're like
single purpose
least it's free software ;)
openelec
yeah... UNIX-like OSs are pretty awful...
is pretty awful :P
all awful! :P
is pretty cool too
yeah that reminds me
so fucking lazy I wrote a script to make cheat files for retroarch
have successfully cheated at cheating
:P
you should see it when my mental health interacts destructively with 'operating systems were designed by a particularly dysfunctional committee and are now full of cruft'
i did magic truffles saturday
was gr9
== weed? i've not heard the term 'magic truffles' before
not weed
like shrooms
legal cause not illegal
that discussion of recreational drug use is /against the rules of this channel/
  +OffensiveUser  o
reminder is gentle
back
:o
back! Wait, I mean go have a nap! :P
seen you before
possible
I was setting a torrent actually XD and then in the bathroom
yeah I always made jokes of you being offensive
  Felishia  :o
that?
no idea, that's the joke :D
yah ban an IP XD
the point when you can change it?
takes some amount of effort and low-level trolls can't be arsed? One hopes?
the bot autobans several nicks and hostmasks
basically the idea
space on the banlist
this
but some countries have dynamic IP
should be a way ._.
anyway...
have to be pretty pathetic to be that persisten
  Felishia  :o
go disconnected
  Felishia  :<
I need to sleep
this should work!
first step to sleeping is to stop being awake :)
an old brikie laptop :3 won't get damaged
might!
pressure ;D
about the moons
what? :D
that's interesting
like that my baby turns off the tv. hehe drives his daddy NUTS. stupid tv.
oral arguments are happening tomorrow at the supreme court for marriage equality
oral arguments)
formality
justices have almost certainly made up their minds
based on their own prejudices >.>
  +LadyCailin Probably
suspect that it will pass though
not, there will be a clusterfuck in the states that allowed it via judicial authority, which is a good chunk of them actually
I wrote a thing on feminizing hormone therapy in trans women and cancer risk which might be very interesting to the trans women here.
  +locas  huh
there is a downside to cypro >_>
it's a progestin
not as well studied as the others, though, since it's not FDA approved
how does a non FDA drug get released?
thought that was a requirement
countries other than the United States
  +LadyCailin oh
do in fact exist
there's things other than murica?
acetate is the anti-androgen of choice outside the United States
  +amelia_  Mew
wait, now you ahve to pay to use skins?
no
  +cirvinfox  good
have to own the game to upload a skin, but you have to own the game to play it
be superlame
apparently if it's the console version you can't use your own skins and have to buy a skin pack
just want to mention that cypro's more likely to cause liver issues than cancer, and even those are not that much of a high risk
still working on fun, clever ways to torment poor ignorant folks with even /more/ pesky little issues to worry about, like people who are neither boy nor girl! Bwahahah imagine the pain and woe.
the console version is monetised as hell
recent studies are showing that there are no significant long term risks, there might be some but they're not very significant
yeah, I've never touched it.
I own the PC/Mac version from back when it was $5
  +LambdaSix  >_>
  +epi  same
super hipster and refused to hop on when everyone was 100% spouting off about Minecraft all the time
pshaw
also kill the channel every time I say a thing. Fear my power! Sooo much power! (Someone come steal it, please)
a GNU hippie and play Minetest instead :>
started writing my own and got distracted by a shiny thing
is this shit
  Freemothers LOL
  +amelia_  !femops
  +libbies  o.o
works.
oppose feminism
assume she couldn't even be running if it weren't for feminism
was rather famously opposed to feminism
hypocracy. and im sure what she means by 'gender confusion' is conversion therapy bullshit
I'm being added to something now :D
that my last message was silently dropped, that person is really screwed up. What nonsense is this... a joke? Surely it's a joke.
I give up. Have your channel.
  +locas  ?
  +amelia_  ...wtf?
what?
I'm querying them
just a misunderstanding
"Roll back all feminist progress over the last 100 years" basically
like a 1000
back the middle ages
she needs to be sumamrily ignored
no
  +Kaiserina  1300
back charlemagne
like the tories banging on about Magna Carta while planning to remove the HRA and erode civil rights
her own values, what is she doing in politics?
should be at home having her man do this :p
  +LambdaSix  hehehe
you think that's bad?
to Mississippi.
bet she votes.
she says she doea
  +LadyCailin does*
women have the right to vote, I am active, because I want to make sure there is some sanity for women in the political world. It is up to the Christian rednecks and patriots to stand up for our country."
you and your asinine nationalism.
about this
I think she should lead by example.
home and not vote.
agreed
a conservative reactionary... women tend to be less reactionary than men... ergo, women should be denied the vote to promote reactionary politics!
this /actually/ makes sense!
a lot of church orgs in the 20s backed suffrage movements based on the idea that women were more reactionary :/
still maintain that a large chunk of bigotry comes from self hatred
why you see so many republican politicians that vote against gay rights get outed later
a reall looker, though, ain't she? check out that self-righteous smile
her looks should have nothing to do with it.
talking about her smug grin
definitely self righteous.
are right though, letting women vote drastically changed things.
out when women are allowed to vote, things get better for women.
would have thought
if men weren't so shitty towards women that wouldn't be such a big deal.
mind if I copypaste what you said, you weren't voiced
no problem
about that i didn't realised it was +m
in spain in the 30s we had a weird law that women couldn't vote but could get elected to parliament. on the debate about women's sufrage one woman spoke for it, and one against.
the one who spoke against mostly said women were too influenced by the church and would vote for rightwing stuff.
it's +m but not full on misandry so you're voiced now :P
that would be an awesome band name
thanks. didn't realise it was back.
Misandry
it's not, we were just getting unwelcome guests earlier
right
tnocied some of that :-)
monday
gosh, "MAke adultery a punishable offence"
would have so many stacked charges..
gettin the axe
  +LambdaSix  :o
might as well go full medieval
with their head!
gets you the stocks
sexy stocks?
the ones where they bend you over stick your head out leave it there stuck inthe middle of the town square for everyone to throw shit at you and publicly humiliate you
the medieval life
though, that'll get you the axe
actually a pillory
confuse stocks and pillories all the time
See that doesn't sound utterly terrible, if it wasn't in the public..
I'm into BDSM, so I know the difference. lol
the shit throwing
  +LambdaSix  >_>
just clamp your ankles
i've heard stock and stockades thrown around to refer to them so idk
is the one that you described
  +Kaiserina  BDSM?
kind of deviant behavior?
deviant behaviour ;p
axe or off to the monestary
whatelse whatelse
yes
  +Kaiserina  peasant
of being pushed around by your liege lord
then revolt!...and get the axe
also, no more pay for work
Yes, I'm a deviant :>
pay is the food you grow
abolish factories as well
they aren't biblical
also, that food you grow, depending on who your liege lord is you might have to give more than half the produce to him
let's not stop here
on a roll now
of law
the fuck needs that
back trial by combat
let the church setup heresy courts for blasphemy cases
whatelse whatelse
something im missing...
yeah
your liege lord doesn't take more than enough from you, he can also conscript you at any time and depending on who it is you'll be sent to the frontlines with virtually no equipment and training against a charge of armored knights
medieval life all according to god's will~
  +Kaiserina  oh
no pumbling
  +Kaiserina  plumbing*
sewers
toilets
we're reactionaries lets be hardcore reactionaries up in this thing
god someone get Kaiserina the clue-by-four
  +LambdaSix  :3
thats far nicer than my method :I
MUH GOD'S WILL MUH MID AGES MUH FEUDALWANKS
so what did i miss
ranting :P
  +Kaiserina  heh
should add a "This is what dark enlightment types actually believe" disclaimer
everyone, voices given!
  +amelia_  :P
not a mod, so I can't voice you, whoever you are :(
  +libbies  o.o
  +bekabug  mmmmmgranola
all
bekabug
@ someone using the bot to be obnoxious while silenced.
oh! so that's what that is
was wondering!
is doing that
you
you, sorry about that
saying, that's a loophole you might want to fix
 L
  +LambdaSix  1ilIL10Oo
which one? I'm still trying out different ones but none is perfect
latest one the i use is called 'Envy Code R'
have actually been suggested here... not sure anymore
i'm using ubuntu mono. i'm not really in love.
default was Lucidia so anything is better than that heh
Bold looks like chicago
is nice, but that's mainly because i god used to consolas by accident
like inconsolata in my terminal but it doesn't look good at all here in this app
i have not yet found the right font for me
struggle over fonts is real.
looking at inconsolata right now ...
wait, +m?
  +bekabug  >.>
you have voice, now
that’s why i noticed :p
#wordpress business is getting amusing
x.x
wat
only if you wanna hate GG even more
I don't know if more is possible.
a reporter who interviewed the dude who started it basically
clicked through anyway - first thing I notice? "Hey, I almost bought that dress!"
read the first page
a pretty good piece and it's not pro-gg at all
  +duckasaurus  Excellent.
yea, its pretty muhc like "this dude is creepy and quite horrible"
gg
gamergate
  Audioburn_busy  oh
fuck is wrong with people
srsly. i wish i knew
expect much from mouthbreathing neckbeards though
would recommend against using "mouthbreathing" or "neckbeard" derogatorily. There are plenty of things MRA assholes do to damn them already. Their breathing habits or the way they look aren't really things I want to feel comfortable attacking.
  +DrYucatan  :P
  Audioburn_busy  right
mra?
Rights Activist/Advocate.
basically the gender version of the kkk
for one am a neckbeard wearing feminist! :)
so fucking stupid
without all the violence
lot of women have beards on their neck
  Audioburn_busy  oh
spend a lot of money to have it removed :P
  TMM :)
is probably the best channel for activism on irc
else wants to live a lie
think that's a bit of an arrogant and sweeping generalisation to make :/
not everyone
a pretty significant amount
a lie”?
as in not acknowledge the suffering of others, for the benefit of themselves
being here != living a lie or not acknowledging those things.
well
kind of outlandish statement spreads FUD and is wholly inaccurate and unfair.
these acronyms
i see
flatter, Audioburn_busy. we still have a long way to go.
because it's so badass
awesome, but they need to acknowledge the Armenian genocide
the justices are grilling the plantiff lawyer.
wish I knew all the justices voices
is the one who sounds like he doesn't have a soul
rest are the other ones that sound like they don't have souls
  +LadyCailin lol
know his voice, actually
ginsberg
kagan
never says anything, ever
why are you saying that? because they're turks?
you know what the party's position is? i don't.
the communist party doesn't recognise the genocide?
  +AlyxM  wtf?
be surprised
  +AlyxM  yeah
all of Turkey, yea
communist party might recognize though
assume they would
sometimes people are like "wait did someone mention turks? THOSE ARMENIAN KILLERS" with no context
basically Audioburn that's what you're doing
is an asshole
  +LadyCailin wow
ah
anti gay asshole just started yelling at 27:00. Good job.
is scalia the one parroting the 'between a man and a woman' line?
  +LadyCailin yes
the "i don't understand why ministers wouldn't be forced to officiate gay marriages if we pass this"
it's quite simple.
guy is a tool
crap
done it this way before why change?"
same way they aren't required to officiate, say, any given heterosexual marriage.
that as bitten me in the ass so many times
hate that she only briefly mentioned interracial marriage
that was a HUGE and FUNDAMENTAL change
my god, 2 minutes later, you can still hear the asshole yelling guy. lol
wasn't he removed?
is this like from outside or something
second attorney is better, I think.
he was removed, but I think it took them a while to get him out of earshot. lol
you sure it wasn't a justice shouting slurs in the background
  +LadyCailin lol
sure :p
sure scalia wasn't projecting his voice
recorded it ahead of time, and set up a speaker
anti gay arguments are so fucking flimsy
just dodging and dodging, they can't answer the justices questions, because they have no reasonable defense against same sex marriage.
won't stop 4 of the justices from siding with them anyway
course not, because they're judicial activists.
is ironic, because it's the other ones, that follow the logical conclusion of allowing same sex marriage, that are accused of being the activists.
us hope that it come out in our favour.
fivethirtyeight is predicting that it will be a positive outcome
and Scalia might be some of the most vile humans on the planet.
agree
just power doing what it does
One of their algorithms is predicting it will be 7-2 in favor of marriage equality. The other algorithm is predicting 5-4, which is what I would predict.
would be badass
if that question loses, scotus is also going to consider this question: Does the 14th Amendment require a state to recognize a marriage between two people of the same sex when their marriage was lawfully licensed and performed out-of-state?
would be unfortunate, but still an improvement.
or 5-4 either way it's pinkwashing the same justices who just overturned the voting rights act
well. Ginsberg is the only one that I really like.
a badass
us not wait for the people in power to give us our rights.
us take them.
  +SaturnMoriya boop
us reach heaven by violence.
think we would lose.
probably would, sadly.
that attitude
camouflage uniforms would never work
  +LadyCailin lol
the GI Joe movie from a few years ago with Dennis Quaid was one of the biggest pieces of trash ever.
surprised someone doesn't already sell them as US imperial kitsch
can get pink camo stuff, at least
scalia is a piece of shit.
no, that's not fair
of shit aren't that bad.
I loathe about Scalia is when I read their judgemets, and it's like "You're so so wrong. But goddamn if I can't argue with your reasoning"
  +LambdaSix  >_>
  +LadyCailin lol
was their reasoning?
to argue a lot of things when you accept the premise of the US constitution
dunno about the gay marriage stuff, the last thing I read was about HobbyCraft denying contraception
is, imo, way more important..)
  +LambdaSix  >_>'
hobby lobby, and they won
hobby lobby, yeah.
have one of those awful lingering coughs right now ;_;
everyone
pandorastar
amelia_
  tempodivalse  hi
goes?
tempodivalse
am fine, I guessed.
facepalm*
I am new here. Anyone online?
  +amelia_  Yup
up?
do you suggest responding to those who call the protestors of Baltimore savages? How do you approach these types of conversations?
feel free to offer advice!
was an awesome pic, thanks for sharing!
a fuckin' depressing pic
calling them 'savages' is especially shitty since it's a direct, and likely /deliberate/, invocation of racist tropes re: black people as cannibals
  +amelia_  ^
it is a tragic pic. as a feminist, i get that. however, there are people in my life who need to be awakened to systematic racism as well as the patriarchal tyranny that is our country. i am not so awesome with the words, that why i seek the advice of other social justice warriors.
don't want to read the replies to those tweets :X
well, if you'd like to spend more time here to talk 'bout race that would be /really welcome/
horrendous that people can justify that kind of belief system and still claim that america is not racist.
  +amelia_  :)
is always the term I hear when talking about the recent riots, its a term that just keeps popping up and it creates such false illusions of what is really happening on the ground.
:)
come #feminism bans you outright?
  +RedHammer  lol
  +Euryale  :>
strikes a vicious blow
  +Euryale  /nice/
does that include the people who come in masks or with weapons? >.>
  HotCoder  hello
HotCoder
  HotCoder  Hello
its awkward
was banned before
I'm here
  Madplatypus Fascinating
  HotCoder  ok
how are you?
have an awful cough
  HotCoder  ok
  HotCoder  :3
not too great
you, too?
taking a break from coding
yeah, and it seems to be lingering. :<
tell me about it
this a social place?
bet it's all the shouting at men I do ;)
how do you mean?
do we strictly talk about the topic?
mean, people are definitely social and friendly
god no
i allowed to talk about other things?
ok
it's more topic focused than most channels
you can just shout at men via text while your throat recovers!
some code channels and #freenode and really adamant about being on topic
i already saw that
sore throats
cool, I'm glad some people read them ;)
yall from
assuming US ?
mean, we try to put a feminist slant on things but... you know
ok
  HotCoder  so....
new to IRC
is my first day
you guys here for years?
been on IRC for a couple years.
  +Euryale  likewise
to IRC, then
brings you to ##feminism?
went on random channels
are you a feminist?
are you a woman?)
a dude
enough, not your fault
I want equality for men and women
it a bad thing to be a dude now ? LOL
suppose not, but I'm glad I'm not one ;)
glad I'm a dude
  Nes173  hello
because of weird reasons
Nes173 :)
Men should be able to birth too.
not do that
not just build machines for it? :P
should respect the natural order
seriously what's with the naturalism
noble, to stay at home and care for children
lord
  HotCoder  lol
don't try to fly, that's for birds to do.
Euryale can you do away with this fellow?
incoming
  Madplatypus <3
hard to be off topic because feminism is about everything
no room for gender in java code :3
men do give birth so congratulations
I bitch about naturalistic philosophy now?
you guys have a youtube bot here?
seriously naturalism would have 7/10 people in any given room dead of childhood diseases.
want to share a song with you guys
does a youtube bot do?
takes a query and puts a youtube link with it :)
would have us endurance hunting and dying of hypothermia because we have no fire. :<
we don't have anything like that
i had a computer running all day
write one for you guys :)
I think technology to allow men to carry would be /amazing/
vote for machines.
trans women exist and I'll bet that would be mighty nice, so it's a woman's issue too!
<3
the natural order like alphabetical order?
totally respect it if people want to be pregnant, but then I don't see the appeal myself.
is it more like numerical order
you care if i say "guys" as a gender neutral term?
question
annoying
you say it a lot
  HotCoder  really?
  +Euryale  mmmhm
should respect the dewey decimal order
always see men trying to reshelve their books wrong in the library
nothing you'll get /banned/ for, probably
  HotCoder  oh
  HotCoder  ok
  HotCoder  then
they think they can do better than the librarians so they don't put them on the carts
I use gender neutral 'guys' once in a while, while not paying attention to my feminist language politic
i'm sure people mean well locas
fuck you! they should use Library of Congress like a /good/ American!
then if you confront them they just say the books are in "natural order"
  +locas  looool
  HotCoder  lol
that reminds me!
you guys seen legend of korra?
  HotCoder  :O
barely watch movies that are newer than a decade old
yeah...
a cartoon
  HotCoder  lol
its a series
I like cartoons but I never feel I have the time!
read there was a lesbian couple in it?
you know about avatar the last airbender at least?
yes!
good
not really
liked that twist
listened to the fans
mean they didn't even develop their relationship
the fans calling for lesbians mostly men? :1
a step for lgbt community
communiy ?
was a letdown for so many reasons
Gay, and the Bus the trans folks got thrown under?
this
couple seasons of LoK was good
  HotCoder  ok
didn't think so :\
rapidly turned down from there.
2 had some good parts
1 was pretty awful
not that well versed on that literature
know some about feminism
about it
yeah, the cisgays kinda... take advantage of trans folk in a pretty serious way
is a cisgay
well, no worries. listen and learn
should i just google
cisgender gay person
cis means "not trans"
i'm cis
  +Euryale  yes!
  HotCoder  ok
it had so much potential
the setups were good
like a baby here LOL
the followthrough was just...
don't worry about it. There's a bunch of cis guys in this channel.
didn't know how to write convincing interpersonal relationships OR convincing politics
they spent the whole show trying to tell stories about those things
true.
you guys code? :3
didn't have great politics either but at least it stuck to what it was good at
mean
meant for kids
  HotCoder  tbh
you callin guys
whole avatar thing
sorry
up
yall code?
  fancyfeast31  </>
the queen and shit
can say it's "meant for kids" but lok tried to deal with complex political matters and mostly failed
FEMINIST GENTLEMEN SIRS,
didn't do it nearly as much, really only in roku's flashbacks
  HotCoder  ye
the thing is that a lot of things that are meant for children /by people who respect children/ are really appealing to adults, too. I've never seen TLA so I'm not sure if this is one of them?
  HotCoder  Gentlesirs*
we had more realistic portrayals of politics in fiction and media maybe we'd have more competent voter base?
I'd rather not encourage people to gather morals from art
screw 'realism'... I have enough capitalist dystopia in my /real/ life!
its a bad idea cause art should be open source
gather morals from story. It's a natural process.
least not capitalist art where "production values" decide what people think is good
with this roleplay thing you got going on here
yar said
free is what i meant
free software nerd?
that?
I was banned before (...) <HotCoder> i'm new to IRC <HotCoder> today is my first day
  +AbigailBuccaneer ??
certainly is a problem, yar.
machines
i was banned from #feminism
misunderstanding. I cleared it up in a query a few minutes ago
fair 'nuff
almost an hour ago
are confusing #feminism and ##feminism
today is still the first day of irc
i was backreading, because i've been writing free software all morning :P
  HotCoder  ok
hey ^_^
/did/ happen to #feminism? did the server ops shut it down or something for violating channel name policy?
is our terok nor
software?
are you writing?
wait empok nor
been so long since i watched that
  HotCoder  ok
I have a damn good guess ;)
IDE plugin to support GLSL code
  HotCoder  anyway
remember a servop getting involved here because we banned too many people >_>
ok
level stuff
just self taught freelance noobie :3
don't actually remember #feminism? i remember there was some schism between ##feminist and ##feminism for some reason
worth dwelling on
much drama everywhere
was like 2012
  HotCoder  lol
really? i've been here too long
it wasn't a schism, we just changed names
remember that :p
no... there was a ##feminism before this one. We managed to swipe this name.
  +locas  oh
IIRC the old ##feminism was run by a TERF and thus ##feminist
I stand corrected
  HotCoder  ok
terf? really? i don't remember that part
is you guys' opinion of edward snowden?
villain?
is a terf? >.>
don't think the other ##feminism was ever active when I was around
trans-exclusionary radical feminist
I see
yeah, it's one of the reason why I put the thing about trans people in our topic. I got /way/ too many trans people asking about the channel when they learned I was an op and mentioning how hostile it was to trans people before.
from what i gather he's p cool but i don't know a huge amount about him. pourquoi?
was that??
if I had known about that history I might've been against the name change
in queries. A few months ago, maybe?
the line in the topic there was definitely a large number of trans women who'd come in and ask if trans women were allowed in here. which is a sad state of affairs
  +Euryale  indeed
  +AbigailBuccaneer aye
I'm not sure how much TERFs have hijacked feminism and how much TERFs have just been made tokens of the feminist movement by anti-feminist agents in control of mass media outlets :1
don't really see a difference
from within the feminist community, TERFs are definitely the minority
you certainly wouldn't know that as a member of the general public
maybe I'm mistaken about ##feminism being previously controlled by terfs :1
  +Euryale  maybe?
knows
is, it's not anymore
that's really upsetting. :(
  +Euryale  ya
awake?
morning/evening :)
morning
4 am here
never went to sleep :D
briefly collapsed
one year old son threw my tablet down the stairs this morning, that was my time with android then. byebye tablet :(
at the pregnancy thing above; I have a friend who was one of these few pregnant dads around; probably the most statistically impossible pregnancy I've ever heard of
should have made it impossible
tachikoma! just finished season 1 of that show
  +agnosticnixie  ooooo
that's why I'm not banned here anymore
one hell of a way for a tablet to go
less wishy-washy than a tablet just not booting up for some reason one day
is cracked, thats terminal imho
only it had VGA out
is the last day my girlfriend is in town for a while. we could've snuggled for like three more hours
;_;
  +Euryale  bastards
been pissing around for a huge amount of time. i was supposed to hear a yes or no two weeks ago but they keep dragging it out
should be paid for the lost time that they made you schedule your life around
  +LambdaSix  ohgodwhat
off telegraph
glaring disadvantages? :|
now as well as torigraph should we call it teladgraph? ;-)
  +SaturnMoriya jeesh
we just like
  +SaturnMoriya NOT
mean I get it
goes both ways
COME ON
NO
oppression does not
was SM silenced for too many lines in a time period orr?
urgh, of course they'd plug J4MB
and the like might have ~okish~ points, if they didn't seem to be exclusively used to attack feminism and women. ._.
  +kirjatoukka  indeed
Yes, men are raped, but using that to attack shelters for women being more prevalent than shelters for men? urgh.
  HotCoder  back
  +amelia_  Forward
  HotCoder  left
up down down left right left right b a
up on aisle 3
'spliced ... it's aisles 3, 4, 5, 6, 7....
'sploded
  HotCoder  ok
  +amelia_  :O
wanna go home and play space janitors now
  +amelia_  Intriguing!
Windows-only :(
  +LambdaSix  yeah
I assume?
is fun too
haven't played it, I just listen to the tunes a lot
spacebrooms :P
up the world with style! As an acrobatic janitor, you are an adept force against dust and disorder. Leap and dash off walls and ceilings, and deftly traverse precarious environments. Cleanse each level swiftly and thoroughly to achieve mastery in this 2D sweep-'em-up platformer." :D
it'll work on OS X and Linux!!
not right now, right now I'm at work. but yeah, when playing games
the world record runs is lots of fun though :P
the world really needs is a good first-person speedrunning game. warsow's race mode was pretty much perfect but then they neglected it for so long
there are lots of bad first-person speedrunning games out there to anger me
only one I know of is Mirrors Edge?
been lots of indie ones. the two at the front of my mind are InMomentum and Cloudbuilt
was awesome, loved that game
never enjoyed combat in warsow; i'd much rather stick to quakelive for that. but the racing was so wonderful
was the time i played stuff like sauerbraten and what_was_the_name_of_that_tankgame_again ...
  +tachikoma  bzflag
pretty cool
facebook post this morning after looking at twitter: "Joseph Kent part of a magic trick on live television. If that doesn't spook your night lights on, I have nothing to say to you."
comment: "ain't skeered, Johnny Shotty is my friend..."
  +cirvinfox  ...wut.
remember folks, it's the men that are oppressed according to the torigraph
that was too long, and therefore supposedly a conspicuous display of religion” wtf.
i cant wear a short skirt.. or a long skirt... what the hell do you want from me!?
it's france. Their governmental response to islamic dress is to ban it.
is what the west stands for, the right of women to dress however they want, so long as they want to dress to please the male gaze.
To be invisible.
  +Kaiserina  >france
it’s ok because it’ll only be the men who ~force~ women to dress like that who will be punished!
anatomy lesson!
  +LambdaSix  :P
is with policing people's clothes?
course if a non-religious woman wore a long skirt it would be fine. or, presumably, a not-visibly-muslim woman.)
i can almost see a justification for not wanting overt religious symbols on clothing in school, but what the hell france.
think there's a case for banning religious symbols but a long skirt isn't a religious symbol ffs.
  +cirvinfox  exactly
recall there was a diagram somewhere of permitted and forbidden religious symbols.
huge crucifixes, hijab, jewish headwear. allowed: small crucifixes, crescent-moon earrings, star-of-david rings.
just be a weird coincidence that the things permitted for jews and muslims do not include the most common and everyday expressions of those religions.
idea that some civil service commission spent probably several months of human labour working out what people can wear in school is sadening.
  SaturnMoriya  yeah......yeah
in thr context of the hijab ban like 10 years ago but still very rel2vant
kippot were banned whereas star-of-david rings were not?
  +DrYucatan  ???
like black flag
was this?
henry rollins being a butt
I think the diagram was from Quebec?
of course it's Quebec.
rollins is an odd one.. but honeslty i find wisdom in what he says
it sounds like similar phrasing and reasoning to the french law.
says some clever things
then he says things like "america will make war irrelevant"
this just in schools, or what?
banning dastar???
think public institutions.
  +DrYucatan  Ugh.
i take waht he says and use it and learn from it, discard what isnt useful. bad religion taught me that :p
  SaturnMoriya  haha
what people say and make use of it, but nobody is perfect and hold noone on a pedistal
that's a good way to deal with people
is still a butt though
  SaturnMoriya  imho
he can be
he's a bit too much of a media person
do you mean?
identity
not too familiar with anything than what he puts out there
I don’t really know the details, it just stuck in my mind because I can’t say I’ve ever seen someone wearing crescent-moon earrings, for example.
least, not as an expression of islam.)
ive
yeah ive seen non muslims wearing them
star of david rings?
wears those
is possessed of such xenophobia and racism.
of it was amended to nothing in the national assembly anyway; the right wing wanted the catholic church exempt and then voted it down anyway so it ultimately was a convenient panic at most
provacative skirt? wait. what?
  +bekabug  T_T
  +OffensiveUser  memes
  +LambdaSix  meeeemes
  +amelia_  mimes?
  +OffensiveUser  memes
miss sex
miss good sex, does that count?
  +LambdaSix  :P
  +OffensiveUser  yeah
  +DrYucatan  ?
  +OffensiveUser  sex
miss it
you fist me so far you can grab my heart?" no no no no no no no
  +DrYucatan  ???
  +cirvinfox  x.x
Message someone just sent me
mean, I suppose someone could, if they had the right tools...it would also be murder, incidentally.
why are we missing sex?
sounds painful, LambdaSix
moly
hot
g2g
i have return
my heart" could be figurative. but i'm stating the obvious.
way it’s disturbing :P
  +LambdaSix  yeah
would not say that to a stranger lol
like to think of 'the stranger' as a term denoting the strangest of your friends
bobby's strange, but jimmy's the stranger'
i have never known a bobby or a jimmy
Anheuser-Busch, or whoever's in charge of this shit.
so fucked up for several reasons
jesus fuck
good god
  +amelia_  Yup.
though
javascript
god the script engine is hilarious
like, whales and stuff and the whale totally breaks the physics
don't you stop criticizing the redcoats, and just obey the law?
a creepy old guy just stopped outside of the coffeeshop window where I’m sitting and stared at me for a good while
was…uncomfortable
  enchilado :(
xoxo "
  +Keilana  *sigh*
  +libbies  oops
butt typed that
  +libbies  v.v
butt typed kisses
like
what that is
  Stefan_J  Hello.
  bajin lol
i swear to god (or some reasonable approximation of God)
Cyn. :D
we can party!
  +Euryale  party?
hi Stefan_J , you're here too :D
  Cyn :)
can't chat in all these places without mIRC :(
it then. :P
hexchat
free
is the best graphical desktop irc client imo
like KVIrc the best.
wins!
everybody
  +amelia_  Hey
freaking hate men
us like materiel
  +amelia_  Ok?
who treat women as objects r pieces of shit forreal
What brings you to ##feminism today? :)
kellanium
jk Im a guy you women have problems read the damn bible, I see problems with hitting women and treating them like property, but some of your "beleifs" are just damn wrong
  eegor !femops
I was waiting for obvious troll to spill the beans..
the bible
certainly spilled
and don't come back ;)
the bible lol, mayb he should read it better b/c it explicitly does treat women as property
bible is fucking /disgusting/ when it comes to women
slavery
basic morality
list of things its not fucking disgusting about is pretty short
even less progressive than the torah in respects 2 women by cutting out lillith from the genesis story
brood~
thinking about making lilith my mentor idol for my shadowrun character v_v
that
rpg
mentor idol is something spellcasters can have
mentor spirit
be like an animal, or a mythical figure
lilith is one of the options
but but JEEEEZUZ
don't think jesus is an option
could do jesus as sun god though
its
it probably mentions jesus but I didn't go into the christian tradition section
been playing this pixel dungeon game on android and i'm interested in this roguelike genre now
rogue likes!
tried nethack but i can't figure out what 2 do lol
there a more beginner 1 4 linux?
don't mind if it's just text, just that it's easy
don't play roguelikes but my partner and another friend have both mentioned brogue
check it
think tales of maj'eyal works with linux too, I have played that
fully graphical
sounds cool, like some prince of persia shit
you can always install a snes emulator and play those old games innit
was it, shining force?
good
r like tactical rpgs
diff genre
im getting the name wrong
like ff tactics tho, and i played a shining force game on sega genesis irrc
getting the name wrong
force is good, but its not the one i was thinking
you think green tea stains
don't think I've ever noticed green tea stain, but I've never dumped an entire cup on myself either. If it does, it'd probably take a lot of tea and be hard to notice?
I saw that this morning
was O.o
appalling
one wonder how often it happens but no-one reports it.
not unexpected, even a lot of older women in academia have this weird obsession with the idea that younger students should have it as hard as they did
a lot of the misogyny flies because it's almost treated as a rite of passage in the ivory tower :p
probably a lot, especially when its not as blatant
its so strange when people who suffer trauma want to see that same trauma inflicted on others
  Adie  :/
  Felishia  :o
can't stop dreaming about my ex I'm tired
  +agnosticnixie  ohai
  +GorillaWarfare Hrm?
  +agnosticnixie  aw
  Felishia  aaaaaaaa
:3
anyone know any mind erase methods?
i be a feminist too
  Felishia  :o
no
  +agnosticnixie  :(
  iamessay  :(
not?
meant about mind erase
lol
  +agnosticnixie  dammit
XD
breakup? :/
left!
  Felishia  no
breakup
friendship breakup
miss friendship more than the relationship itself
I took the choice to keep going
I can't stop having those dreams
is oddly how I felt about my last boyfriend
miss his cat too, his lil brother, his parents :<
breakups are terrible :/
it was a 5 sides lose
I can't erase my memory those dreams are getting in my nerves!
are trans actresses going to start getting cast as trans women?
  Felishia  :o
You probably could have cut that off three words earlier :/
I had nightmares about my ex for 6 months to a year after things ended--sometimes those things stay with you, I think.
I meant...when will trans characters finally be played by actual trans people?
cannot into words.
Yeah, I understand what you mean
soon enough"
people don't exactly play any characters tbh
the little amount of actress :p that are trans
not many trans can make good trans characters... :p because movies expect an stereotype...
how do you mean?
mean like, there aren't that many trans actors and they don't get cast much
is still pretty heavily a male thing, the cultural expectations are still around
us change this!
  Felishia  :o
there are 2 actress per actor
something bechdel test, lol
it's sad but true
feminism also wants equality when girls got more rights than dudes :p
  Felishia  ??
a lot of these actresses are stuck in worse deadend situations, retire earlier, etc
  +agnosticnixie  :/
was a guy who was hit and beat by her girlfriend :o with a frying pan!
kind of anecdotal
what does feminism does in those cases?
dunno it was written in a car
like, there are a handful of men's shelters for situations like those, they are also mostly things that were setup by feminists; men's rights activists just whine and blame
I prefer equality rather than feminism :p
is just a dog whistle 4 antifeminism
rights XDDDD
this is why people end up telling you to fuck off
  +epi  jsyk
do this every time then act like it's unexpected and we're just bein mean
from your experiences and try not to be shit for once
o.O I don't get it
please read our rules. Our rules and resources explain well why 'equalism' is anti-feminist
let's see
you prefer equality to feminism, why are you here?
:)
you mean 'equalism' right?
HotCoder, welcome back
  +DrYucatan  Yes.
  HotCoder  :)
why not? it's like I shouldn't go to church because I'm not catholic... you learn stuff from people... I've learn from church as well...
off
are well known in real life in the feminism community?
you*
felicia
  HotCoder  huh?
epi
  HotCoder  ok
for inspiration Keilana
yeah... we're not here to spoon feed you. We're done with emotional labor directed at you.
learn not to suck so fucking hard before opening your mouth.
plz don't resort to that
sucking can be good :D
no.
I suppose? I mean, I'm not famous. I'm actually pretty antzy about protecting my 'real life' identity with feminism because of anti-feminist terrorism
i'm not asking for your real life identity
I'm a pretty good coder for software and if there is a website to be created or an app or something I can work for a small fee :)
know movements need tech to back them up these days, however small or big they might be
did felishia say/do ?
don't hawk your wares here HotCoder
what that means
i'm saying
theres work to be done
could do it
it helps us both, then why not
away
isnt somewhere to sell your services
  HotCoder  :S
do not need a coder
is a channel for discussion of feminism
sure thre are better channels for selling webdev services
wont mention it again. but discussions channels could be made wider with tech
if it can be done, then why not?
  +epi  go
  +epi  away
not spamming. I'm just saying. There's no need to go off on me
away
you can have your channel. you're too hostile
not wanted here, accept it and move on
  +epi  jfc
fucking hard is it to accept it at face value
stop
went well
bad there aren't any channels on freenode dedicated to technology topics. oh wait...
lol very nice
  Guerillero  heya
:)
  +GorillaWarfare Evenin
roommate wandered in asking if I wanted to play with play doh
I was afk for a bit :P
back!
^_^
back to traffic engineering
playing Cities:Skylines :P
haven't played it!
fun
good for a distraction during mental health times
how does it compare to Sim City?
  +GorillaWarfare ++
better
yeah I played that
I will get it when I am paid
finals are over
  +agnosticnixie  wow
one hand you get god botherers blaming her for not believing enough, on the other hand you get crassly machist shit treating virginity as some sort of gift for men to peruse
  +agnosticnixie  oh
it's bad
I read that one awhile ago
me hard as I was raised christian, my sister's still in the fold, sorta
gone liberal, for what that's worth
liberal christian
too was raised by fundiementalists.
parents didn't care but my dad would put on like he was around his fam
went 2 church as a kid tho and still do every once in a while
4 the community aspect of it
is very relevant to my life
  meeple  :D
riddim
prob didn't know u were coming back so soon lol
  meeple  lol
just needed to restart my client
are you being snarky? ;)
at all
work in a fly lab
that's why I was gigging
virgin flies is incredibly important because they can hold sperm
if I get a non-virgin fly it can ruin an experiment
I think a lot about virginity ;)
can u tell if they're virgins
you raise them from maggots
they hatch they come out all white and you can see the meconium (aka first poop) inside them
when their exoskeletons harden they turn yellowish and then they can mate
you pick the pale ones with poop spots and those are the virgin ones
maggots creep shame us men who won't wipe our own asses /s
let that roosh guy hear about this
need a t-shirt that says “Virginity: Only relevant for insects"
roosh, riddim?
really really bad reactionary antifeminist
prob the worst i've ever seen
runs a site called reaxxtion or something similar
"How do you tell if she's a virgin?" "You can see her poop!"
what
  +DrYucatan  Um.
sounds like a badass job tho, what do u use the flies and maggots 4
ewwww
that’s hilarious
we do genetics experiments, basically we work on figuring out how gonads develop in flies and how the cells communicate to create a functional gonad
p cool
just an undergrad lab monkey tho, so i do a lot of killing flies and lining up maggots and washing maggots ;)
ur experimenting like how 2 make a fly grow an extra arm and shit?
we already know how to do that
like, why gonads are round and inside the fly and not spread all over the fly or w/e
and stuff are simpler ‘cause there’s a group of genes that says “ok fly grow legs here and not in ur eyes"
do u mean by gonads in this context?
and ovaries
so... you study flies' reproductive anatomy in the lab but you're only interested in virgins? Does your director happen to wear a fedora? :1
hahaha
lab is actually mostly women, which is super awesome
sounds pretty badass still tho imma have 2 tell my friends i know some hardcore scientists
I had an even better job
I was working in a lab my job was to cause undergrads stress!
thanks riddim :3
that sounds like my lab director’s job :P
did you do in the lab Euryale?
we collected saliva samples and then we had them write a speech in an unreasonably short amount of time, and then we had them read their speech in front of a group of actors who's job it was to be /completely disinterested and cold/ (oh, we took away their notes), and in the middle of their speech we interrupted them and told them to count back from like... 1032 in increments of seven and stopped them and made them restart every time
got one wrong
we were kinda assholes
were always at least two actors
first was taking notes about how many numbers they read and keeping time
other was to look for signs of emotional breakdown and stress
to kill the experiment if things looked bad
job was to collect spit and to screen the participants for known mental illness, pregnancy, heart disease...
that’s really interesting
  +Euryale  yes!
  +Keilana  ~science~
  +Euryale  *squeeee*
training for that was a /lot/ of fun
sat around in the room trying to look /completely unemotional/ while a third person tried to make you crack up and laugh
if the actors laughed in the real experiments we had to throw that data point out
  +Keilana  omg
must have been hilarious
that experiment sounds crazy
couldn't do the math shit as it is
most people couldn't
people didn't get past one or two numbers
though this one woman just kept going all the way till we stopped her
was /ridiculous/
she left the room my labmate and I just looked at each other and were like 'did you just see what I saw?!'
ran into her outside the lab a few days later and told her how surprised everyone was after she left the room
prob like the reincarnation of that lady who did all those calculations 4 the apollo missions b4 computers were big
  +Euryale  yeah
computers were small, you mean? :P
mean back when ppl doing calculations by hand was faster
yeah computers were still physically huge then
you go, police
the way to fix things
the light of the police who have been killed in connection with the recent tensions, I can see why the department might take that kind of thing seriously.
glad they let her go though.
just white cops is what i'd ask her
mean, a subset of "Kill all the men" is "Kill all the male police officers" right? :P
  morganq ^
just fits!
no, don't wanna get a misdemeanor 4 making terroristic threats now do u?
I'm a white male. Gotta exercise that privilege. >.>
gotta think of all the racist shit posted about killing all us thugs out there
she gets charged 4 what she said
pisses me off sooooooo bad
in the nature of the State that it will take threats against its operating mechanisms more seriously than just about anything else.
yeah, it isn't right.
analysis, i agree 100%
It just worries me that that's their concern
against police officers? ARRESTS! MEDIA COVERAGE!
a black man's neck for... carrying a switchblade? SILENCE! DIVERSION!
it worries me less compared with the general response to civil unrest and police brutality.
least, I think. I don't usually read American mainstream media.
Okay, racist media coverage
loot and riot", that kind of thing
I could see them focusing on that a bit much. Although, thugs did loot and riot.
  +GorillaWarfare "thugs"
that.
corrupt and greedy folk on every side, and they usually play off each other.
the state's property? I can get that. Rioting directed towards police? I can understand the reasoning there, and accept some of it.
how much they focus on the breaking of a few shop windows when SOMEONE HAS BEEN KILLED
PEOPLE HAVE BEEN KILLED
if you're destroying someone elses property, no that isn't okay.
oh did i just wander in here at the worst possible time
don't disagree with you. At the same time, yes, greedy people using legitimate protest as coverage
certainly don't care about businesses burning
I'm not sure I follow your point. Greedy people?
attack individual ppl tho
you allowed to kill CEOs
as much as I'm fine with overthrowing the capitalistic system, you don't do that by destroying local stores - especially locally owned stores.
you allowed to string the gentrifying profiteers up by their $1000 neckties
don't think killing individual ceo's is really gonna do much
How do you do it?
is a big chain and not a franchise afaik
nationalize the business(ness). As to how you accomplish general revolution - that is complicated and I could talk for entirely too long about it.
it is their best song
love that ppl in this channel like the coup tho
just so upbeat and celebratory
When cops are killing black men in masses, how do you do something about it?
i agree that burning a cvs'es isn't how lenin said 2 build socialism
there's not "one mechanism" towards social progress. Protest, democratic movements, other means of peaceful social reform have made progress towards changing the status of oppression in America.
that point, i think it's worth noting that if you're not black, condemning black responses to the continual murder of black people is condescendingly racist
mean, if you're going to start local in the name of a proletariat revolution, riddim, do it with organization and uniforms.
this is the cry of an oppressed ppl, and we have no right 2 judge as outsiders how "best" 2 accomplish it
  Madplatypus Hrm.
issue is we're in the same society.
  Madplatypus Er
we really tho
could take that entirely the wrong way
was not an argument for separation. >.>
guess I'm pretty much with riddim here
if AbigailBuccaneer thinks my position is condescendingly racist I'd rather we change subjects than continue to lower your opinion of me.
a black man i live and experience a completely different life than a white man, it's defacto segregation if not dejure
  nuit  uniforms?
seen way too many white people on various media (and geographically very removed from Baltimore) saying "looting and rioting isn't the way! peaceful protest!"
and how would you respond if black people said that?
should read that
Well it's certainly a hell of a lot less privileged
i remember when i linked my mum to that. i can't remember why
I will. I've likely read similar arguments before.
my parents were around 4 me 2 talk politics w
  +AbigailBuccaneer :(
the state is a fundamentally violent institution based on class rule
what if we do not want to participate in the narrative of western progress? what if we aren't able to understand what progress means? does the notion of progress come down to naming thugs?
if our initial reaction is to burst into laughter at progress?
white liberal's conception of progress is lol
leaders of the progress are, paradoxically, the police
think progress is directed by the arm of the state?
  nuit  no
some point, and I've written about this before, you have to accept that you won't be able to merge narratives or engage in constructive peaceful cooperate processes, nuit.
progress is of the state, of the bourgeoisie, of capital
I hope the police aren't the leaders :/
which case you'd be advised to start building up a means of effective military or violent prevention of state control.
some reason people, even those radically opposed in toward a military state(The openly fascist and such) don't, even though they claim to recognize democracy won't effect their notion of a better world.
only conclusions I can see is that either people don't hold so wholly to their notions as they claim, or they're afraid of the personal consequences of rebellion. Neither is very flattering to our society.
que no los dos
or both. Fair point.
i started listening to the coup because of those songs i linked
the song 'The Coup' starts with commentary on riots and the notion of progress
an organized military is simply a nascent state
even if it's a rebel army
you're quite right. This tends to be a primary reason why I'm not personally an anarchist.
it is simply a lack of imagination on my part, but I can't foresee a scenario in which an anarchist society can persist in the face of organized military power.
true that lots of the anarchist societies + communities in recent history have been ended by an organised military
I'm barely half-way finished with the other thing!
that was a link to a specific section on anarchist societies protecting themselves against organized military neighbour states
yeah I see that, and am reading it now
anarchist theory addresses that. The fact is you /can't have/ an 'organized military power' when you destroy or make ineffective their industrial base.
they say in the military: 'amateurs study tactics, experts study logistics'
course you can. It just reverts to post-industrial norms. You might not have the modern military-industrial complex, but organized military forces of great efficacy well predate industry.
ironically, this means that the United States is one of the few countries where a real anarchist uprising would be possible
you confined yourself to individual country's borders)
I suppose is a silly assumption
I think you overestimate the size of pre-industrial militaries...
hardly, but you don't need a 1:1 ratio of occupier to occupied.
were /tiny/ compared to modern standards
I agree.
without an industrial base, so would be anarchist weapons and tools of defense.
so, the anarchist doesn't have to maintain the same kind of supply lines
you want to face the enemy of the field, you do. If you choose not to face the enemy on the field, you run the risk of the enemy simply looting all your things and leaving - or killing all your non-combatants who can't flee.
local ad-hoc militias could easily form that are more than a match for an unsupported military unit
long-term, professional training standards? That's highly optimistic.
soldiers are going to be unorganized and scattered too :1
you've disrupted the economy enough to wreck their supply lines you've also disrupted their pay
mean, maybe initially, but they'll coalesce into local warlords and such pretty fast.
to say there's going to be discipline problems ;)
yeah... definitely
anarchists all over the world persisting pretty well
soldiers with disrupted pay turn into bandits and warlords.
is /definitely/ a thing
out rojava
anarchist state, to have any hope, would have to make combat an art trained from birth.
a weird thing to say
not even an anarchist but cmon
they sound more confederalized than anarchist. I highly doubt you won't face violence if you desert the Peshmerga there.
i'm missing a lot of context in this conversation actually
mean, it's neat and I like it a lot. But I don't see it as anarchist.
part of why i'm not an anarchist is people seem to define it so many different ways
to be clear who you are and aren't allied with
I think that anarchist strategies presented to me thus far depend on facing a very western colonialist style enemy.
the whole obsessing over physical power thing just pisses me off
think the collapse of the military-industrial-capital state would see the rapid emergent of older forms of conquest and domination. I worry more about imperialists who fight like Mongols in that scenario.
yar. It was kind of the subject at hand. :-/
it's past my bedtime. peace.
yar
Also, you're assuming that anarchists have to fight battles /at all/
mean, I think they would. I don't really view it as an assumption on my part.
point was all you have to do in order to defeat an 'organized military' is to destroy its supply lines which you can do /without/ confronting the military itself.
pretty much any military
military not conducting extended operations doesn't require the same kind of supply line a lengthy war of occupation does.
what /would/ they be doing?
conventional ones fielded by the states of today, sure, but that's not what I think would really get widespread anarchist movements instead.
warfare. Burn, pillage, kill everyone who gets in your way.
the hell people
  +LambdaSix  :(
gives me a sad
confused about the flannel though?
there's anything I'd immediately associate with the gay culture, it's flannel and bears.. O_o
im not sure either unless its  a jab at lesbians or  a non  blended  fabric to c0mply with leviticus
  +LambdaSix  dunno
shit either way and harassment since  they singled put these  studsnts..
  +LambdaSix  *nod*
dont know why the administration is decrying this..
  +cirvinfox  fuckers.
I think the flannel is something classically manly / rednecky?
symbols will be reclaimed and recycled by the queer movement.
could be. either way they signled out people, that should be really bad
  +LambdaSix  :P
ALL symbols?
  +LambdaSix  NotAllSymbols
are some that should be rightfully swerved
  +LambdaSix  >_>
Can't
just wearing pants the same colour as her skin... or a plain white morphsuit
  +LambdaSix  hehe
measurements, my hips are 10" bigger than my waist, fuck if I can see it
don't know my measurements off by heart. my hips are relatively small and my waist and tum are big is all i know
got weird lumps and rolls. they're pretty cute, i'm great
  +LambdaSix  hehe
are beautiful. :)
people
  +SaturnMoriya meow
I thought you were meme
we meme or are we dancer?
we human
are we lizard
skin is scaly
  The_Cat (sfw)
blood is cold
i'm on a tree
for insects
we human
are we lizard
yay geometry
i love that
magic of drawing on an orb
shiny orbs :P
really wanna make pasta
I jut
  +SaturnMoriya just
seem to get out of bed today
made it half to work, came back home and have yet to leave bed
  +SaturnMoriya awe
I know that feeling... I didn't get up this morning, when i finally did it was 10am and a quick email of "I'm working at home today kthx"
pm
have yet to eat anything
hate being a man
  +cirvinfox  :<
done with this
Trains be screwed, yo :P
sure how I'm gonna do college in this condition
eh it's expected of me so I'm just gonna force it and then fail and never get another chance of proper education
then become homeless because hey why should I deserve more chances than the children in africa
  +agnosticnixie  :/
dropped out of school, i was homeless briefly, I managed okay in the long run. (assuming "still alive" is some valid value of "okay")
is
and kicking is a pretty good starting point to do more
same.
glad the UK generally recognises 'no fixed residence' as the same as homeless
all homelessness is people sleeping rough, that's just the most noticable form.
  +libbies  ^
rough for ~2 weeks, bounced around houses and such for ~4 years
  +LambdaSix  >_>
s'cool, I have a job and a tenancy now \o/
felt a bit of sympathy for your situation
I didn't drag myself out of shit by will and determination, it was just total blind luck?)
here
probably just knowing people who knew other people, but still felt like blind luck
  +SaturnMoriya *ahem*
kind of music do you generally like
shoot
  +AbigailBuccaneer um
sorts... i seem to have mostly been listening to techno and rap for the last week or so?
today i spent most of it listening to rock, which was good
i still have a soft spot in my heart for folk
years ago to be released the day thatcher would die
fun
you're into that sorta stuff
do like right-wing politicians being dead
generally don't like my music so hah
i've been listening to a lot of foo fighters, chopin, deadmau5, madeon, tchaikovsky, dream theater and tool
chumbawamba owns
Distillers, Against Me!, Bad Religion, Dead Kennedys,
having a temporary break from AM! because i don't want to overplay it and then make myself sick of it
  +SaturnMoriya yus
  +SaturnMoriya yus
kennedys are amazing
canadian punk is the best
  +SaturnMoriya LOL
believe strongly, being the oldest of 19 kids and counting that you know marriage is central to the family and every single child deserves a mother and father,” Duggar continued. “And I'm sure grateful for my parents and I'm grateful for my wife and we have our fourth child on the way due in July, and I think it's just such a blessing when you see family and you see that you can honor each other.”
  +SaturnMoriya ...brilliant
are the illuminati, you're the food chain, we devour~"
everybody
<3
  +libbies  :3
news everybody, feminism won, we can all go home.
  +KittenButt \o/
welcome our new capitalfeminist financial overlords.
they're replacing Charles Darwin with Austen? If this was America it would sound like a clever move by anti-evolution people.
can accept evolution but not like darwin :P
don't believe in neck beards >:[
likes darwin
  +epi  no-one
an awful city
er, what do you mean not like darwin?
darwin was extraordinarily racist
many of his conclusions w/ his theory of evolution were racist
bits about birds were good tho :P
  +epi  goddamn
saw a vid with david attenbrough (sp?) trying to do his talk for the camera in a doco next to a bird of paridise
was quite happy to talk back and play with him, loudly
can still hate him as a person
  Madplatypus Eh
stuck hating the vast majority of every European in those time periods then.
never allowed the vast number of racists stop me from hating them all~~~
reason to single Darwin out, especially when his work did a lot to undermine both fanatical religion in the west, and I'd argue racism in time too.
<Madplatypus> You're stuck hating the vast majority of every European in those time periods then. <= i do!
found that I'm limited in the amount of hate I dole out, so I tend to reserve it for the worst and most egregious.
centuries of colonialism is fairly egregious
darwinism is one of the worst things ever
stuck hating the vast majority of every European in those time periods then." uh, so?
way more to life than early-modern white people
don't need to be printed on money
social Darwinist movements were directly opposed to things Darwin actually said.
to remind people of the roots of capital accumulation
may as well not print people on money.
abolish money
largely hero worship anyway
one day the currency will be bottle caps if the neolibs get their way so
i thought they wanted to put e-commerce tracking chips in our brains
people already put bitcoin chips in their hands.
long term it'll all end with one big nuclear war anyway so
what you get for wanting infinite growth in a finite system
the comments too)
am i not surprised
right
that stuff gets headlines now
The urgh was more at the event, it being reported is ++good
not dead, so it seems the BPD are not on their worst behavior, at least.
have never met a intelligent women in my life
was fast
that misspelling
the fastest ban in the west
I'm paying attention
I'm not usually
FIST
  +cirvinfox  pow
  +amelia_  :P
my fache
how's it going everyone?
happy.
feed the troll
dear god why
the troll?
why would you assume I'm a troll?
the nick
in that arrangement.
I am a feminist.
go away
poly is cuckold
was curious to see what other feminists have to say about it.
at least read the rules
who think their status in a relationship is the most interesting thing about them to the point of making it their irc nick must have such boring lives
partner is short; ask me anything
have spawned children, I was wondering what feminists think about that
  +cirvinfox  0.0
  +libbies  lol
was my bf lol
was kidding -_-
thats why i lol'd
I lol'd though
reminds me, could like, exex be considered unbannable; she was banned for some fairly bad sarcasm which someone took at face value and yeah, idk
still loling
oh god
for unbanning her
even apologized
being banned
saw the banworthy trolling xD
-_-
  +cirvinfox  waitwhat?
the bot is mad at him
to fix it
  +amelia_  :D
dnno why the bot got so angry, he's a very nice person :<
  +locas  &op
  +amelia_  &op
he got the _shit_ banned out of him
blow :P
on borrowed time now but it's the best I can do :P
the perils of jumping on the sarcasm train!
spawning things and then everything will be fine
this what comes of rule by robots?!
warned us about techno-utopianism
didn't we listen
and a lot of intentionally-burnt toast
I am an unrecognized prophet
except in r@
TheChips
been a wild ride, friend
can imagine
you disabled your sarcasm chip?
here? Never!
  +cirvinfox  lies
  +yar  FEMALES
voice,>
they didn't specify human females
changes everything!
  +cirvinfox  haaaate
  +cirvinfox  HAAAATEEE
much anger
  +agnosticnixie  >.<
negative enough I'm mostly relieved nobody beat her half/all to death.
everyone! ^_^
Myrl-chan.
Hello. :)
i the only one who was worried about KidBeta because of their nickname
really paying attention
have to admit, rule 7 is a bit harsh.
guys :)
  HotCoder  sorry
people
I'd give you guys a visit
everybody upto?
you're definitely doing that on purpose
even awake?
  HotCoder  huh?
it was an honest mistake
  HotCoder  :O
what’s harsh about rule 7?
did it twice in a row lol
meant to say "people" sorry!
i didnt even notice the second time
are you people upto?
not every space should be open to debating whether that space is valid or ideologically correct. i don't expect the national republican convention to let me wander in and have a serious discussion with them about how republicans are bad
it would be funny if someone tried...
i in the middle of a debate right now
  HotCoder  ?
i come in at a wrong time?
a debate would be pointless, since it admits the possibility that republicans are not bad. ;)
kinda offensive
deserve molotov cocktails, not reasoned debate
is offensive, KidBeta
deserve molotov cocktails, not reasoned debate .. <+kirjatoukka>  such a debate would be pointless, since it admits the possibility that republicans are not bad. ;)
discount people based on their job or career, or even mandatory service in some countries.
we're all on another watchlist :X
what is offensive about that?
being republicanist kirjatoukka
  +locas  lol
does "Trans woman exclusionary radical feminists are not welcome." mean?
is problematic uwu
"If you hate trans women, piss off, even if you're otherwise a feminist"?
there's a strain of feminism that calls itself "radical feminism", and its proponents often hate trans women
means what it says, really
its taring everyone with the same brush im sure you would not like that to hapen to you
I’m happy to tar all republicans with the same brush.
feather 'em!
am fine with being tarred as a bomb thrower :p
in general is pretty uncool
they don’t want to be tarred with that brush they shouldn’t be republicans.
  KidBeta yeah
Ah. I see. Thanks.
so is killing poor people.
because you support one type of hate doesnt make you better then the people who hate women or men or any other group
on bruh
got over the whole "violent anarchists discredit the whole movement" nonsense a long time ago
tolerance
i’m dreadfully sorry that rampant bigots are not my favourite people.
hate republicans because republicans hate women and poor people and black people and blablabla
yeah, killing is also pretty uncool
hey tmro :3
now have two things on my uncool list
can't pretend that republicans are just a politically-neutral category of people
shit. huge battle going on over here
AbigailBuccaneer
views are equally valid” is nonsense.
exactly
our special brand of hate is okay isnt it
i think you meant to say "your"
kidbeta, i’m sorry if it offends you that i hate bigots. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
  jkbbwr  Wow
Nexia have past history
I really don't hate much
history is past history
the channel can only have a certain number of active bans - but ##feminism is a huge target for misogynist trolls, and so our banlist exceeds that
of my best friends are republicans!
i think it should be called herstory too
that would be equal

order to manage this, the bot automatically bans people on joining, and then unbans them a while afterwards
You can extend your ban list, you can have child channels, and then link their ban list to this channel
and her, it should be treated equally
does a special brand of hate look like? is it in different bottles?
seriously I don't see how it's hate to just reject the validity of a political party's views
we know what we're doing with the ban list thanks
there like red label and black label hates?
prefer supermarket brand hate, it’s just as good and much cheaper.
It was only some helpful advice.
such a thing as a ban list?
condescending shit
thought it expires in a few days
ur a phillistine
do you think people haven’t considered the options?
people get so invested in a bourgeois political party as to take it up as a cultural identity is scary and feels, honestly, an issue of cultural void
feel it could make sense to differ brands of hates by how long they have matured within an individual
wasn't trying to be condescending nor insulting(?) Wow, I was just saying incase you haven't considered it as an option
dont agree with republicans
all
it comes across as if you’re assuming the person you’re talking to doesn’t know what they’re talking about.
i dont think they deserve to be burned
are you poor?
your only other contributions to the channel are criticizing the channel's rules, you can't expect us to accept your shit in good faith :P
think everyone can be taught love and compassion
yes
through fire?
sense, then
outright culling people doesn't help
makes as radical as hitler
u considered heterosexuals though HotCoder
i'm sure the person who said it, didnt mean it literally
we just ban HotCoder already
life would be considerable better without them
like the decimations of the roman legions
why?
no, but i mean, killing people? thats too far, dont you think?
not killing them
kill us
like hormones
what about heterosexuals?
therapy
ban them
do you think killing in self-defence is acceptable?
absolutely
not a mod here
cant ban anybody
okay LambdaSix. the weird pseudotrolls will be gone soon
yes
fact i think it should be encouraged
is the modern world, protests are more effective than it used to be in history. So, yes, "asking politely" in the sense of non-violent protesting will be successful. Just my two cents.
  +locas  lol
nicely never got anyone fuck all
  +Carlexi  !femops
are not in any way, shape or form more effective, at least not peaceful ones
the underclass appear to be winning, cops just charge 'em with a crime and arrest/kill 'em
we get a ban on hotcoder?
<+AbigailBuccaneer> republicans deserve molotov cocktails, not reasoned debate <= AbigailBuccaneer++
think my nose is broken
  +AbigailBuccaneer uh-oh
live in the states so no i will just deal with it
that sucks. i hope it heals okay
not like they'll do much more than set it straight and tell you to be careful
so tender! i had trouble sleeping last night
  +cirvinfox  :<
